---
title: "Lexis Hotels & Resorts Sdn Bhd Vacancies Director of Sales & Marketing" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-16 
excerpt: "Lexis Hotels & Resorts Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Director of Sales & Marketing which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lexis Hotels & Resorts Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Director of Sales & Marketing</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Directs the activities of the hotel sales and marketing team, providing leadership, training, and motivation necessary to implement effective sales and marketing strategies and to maximize the generation of hotel sales/ revenues.</li><li>Develops and maintains relationships with key clients in order to produce group and/ or convention business, to include room sales, food &amp; beverage sales, catering/ banquet services.</li><li>Develops and manages the departmental budget and monitors sales activities/ performance to ensure actual sales meet or exceed established revenue plan; accurately reports variances / projections.</li><li>Monitor and guide the sales team's efforts in growing and maintaining all key accounts, and identify strengths and weaknesses to help navigate each team member to perform their duties effectively.</li><li>Ensure all team members are always well versed and up to date with the hotels' service offerings and promotions. Up to date knowledge of key competitors' offerings and promotions is paramount to ensure the Group's competitiveness.</li><li>Participate in client familiarization trips, sales trips, roadshows, site inspections etc., which would require domestic, and at times, international travel.</li><li>Responsible for creation and overseeing implementation of marketing packages and promotions to drive demand, especially during low occupancy periods.</li><li>To ensure that all administrative efforts and documentation work pertinent to Sales &amp; Marketing are always done efficiently and accurately.</li></ul><div>Requirements:</div><ul><li>Minimum 10 years sales experience in an international 5 star hotel</li><li>Diploma/ Degree in a related field</li><li>Creative, self-motivated and able to work as a team</li><li>Strong in building relationships and able to communicate at all levels</li><li>Revenue management experience</li><li>Strong Sales &amp; Marketing knowledge, with strength in analytics</li><li>Strong knowldedge in the functions of utilization of sales - specific softwares, property PMS Systems and Microsoft Office</li><li>Pre-opening experience is an added advantage</li></ul><div><strong>Pays/ Benefits</strong></div><ul><li>Compensation of remuneration package will commensurate with qualification and experience.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Lexis Hotel Group provides discerning leisure and business guests with practical and luxurious accommodations across various properties in Malaysia. An established name in the Malaysian hospitality scene, Lexis is the winner of Brandlaureate SMEs Best Brands Awards 2018-2019 (Hospitality-Premiere Resort), Asia&#8217;s Best Employer Brand Awards &#8211; 2017, Pacific Area Travel Writers Association (PATWA) Travel Awards @ ITB Berlin, Star Outstanding Business Awards (SOBA) 2019 and Top 10 Asia&#8217;s 'Asian Iconic Luxury Hotel Chain Award',&#160; 'Malaysia's Most Admired Hotelier Award', Seven Stars Luxury Hospitality and Lifestyle Awards', World Luxury Hotel Awards and 13th Employer Branding Awards (2018-2019) - Global Best Employer Brand Awards.</div>
<div>
		Lexis Hibiscus resembles the national flower of Malaysia and each of its 639 pool villa is equipped with private pool and steam room. It is the holder of GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS for &#8220;The most swimming pools in a resort&#8221; and &#8220;The most overwater villas in single resort&#8221;. Also the recipient of World Luxury Hotel Awards &#8211; Luxury Water Villa Resort category, Haute Grandeur Global Hotel Awards &#8211; Malaysia&#8217;s Best Family Villa and Best Pool Villa Resort and World Travel Awards - World's Leading Wedding Venue 2019.</div>
<div>
		Located an hour&#8217;s drive from KLIA and awarded for the most number of swimming pools in a resort by the Malaysian Book of Records, every 317 Balinese-inspired villas in Grand Lexis comes with its own private pool. It is the holder for World Travel Awards - Malaysia's Leading Villa Resort.</div>
<div>
		Situated next door is Lexis Port Dickson, a charming 272-room resort with a tropical Balinese touch. Every guestroom and water chalet comes with private balcony and bathtub.</div>
	
	Lexis Suites Penang is ten minutes&#8217; drive from Penang International Airport. With the only hotel in Penang offering guests the luxury of private pool and steam room in every of its 222 suites, its guestrooms offer commanding seaview from its private balcony. It is the winner of World Luxury Hotel Awards - Regional winner (South East Asia). Luxury All Suite Hotel, World Travel Awards - Malaysia's Leading All Suite Hotel and Haute Grandeur Global Hotel Awards -&#160; Best All Suite Hotel (Malaysia).</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/director-of-sales-marketing-4437458?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4437458&sectionRank=28&token=0~39e72636-cbec-4394-b8cf-fd7605309b98&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 