---
title: "Hotel S Vacancies General Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-07 
excerpt: "Hotel S is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the General Manager which positioned at Macau" 
tags: [Macau] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hotel S is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>General Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>General Manager / Assistant General Manager</strong></p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>&#160;Managing daily company operations to ensure positive, safe and profitable working environment</li><li>&#160;Order, purchase and stock the merchandises in a timely manner</li><li>&#160;Implement quality and productivity objectives to achieve company goals</li><li>&#160;Ensure that employees follow the company standards, policies and strategies</li><li>&#160;Cooperate in recruiting, training, performance evaluation, promotions, and releasing the employees</li><li>&#160;Coordinate in planning short term and long term projects, budgets, expense controls, schedules, and manpower</li><li>&#160;Develop and implement staffing and business plans to achieve business target</li><li>&#160;Evaluate key productivity indicators and implement process improvement initiatives</li><li>Supervise merchandise damage reduction activities, manual back orders, and merchandise orders</li><li>&#160;Identify and report equipment repair and maintenance works promptly</li><li>&#160;Address operational, technical and mechanical issues in a timely manner</li><li>Manage direct reporting to Board of Directors related to financial, business, and administration matters</li><li>Develop positive working relationship with the support divisions and operations team to ensure proper operational support</li><li>Develop operational strategy and ensure that the operational activities meet the organizational requirements</li><li>&#160;Complete all required health and safety/fire checks on time</li><li>&#160;Be responsible for evacuation, in case of emergency, acting as first point of contact for the team, guests and the emergency services</li><li>&#160;Take responsibility for extra management tasks, as required, in the hotel manager&#8217;s absence</li><li>&#160;Maintain personal knowledge by completing in-house training and workbooks</li><li>&#160;Always adhere to all company policies and procedures and licensing laws</li><li>&#160;&#160;Working location &#8211; Macau</li></ul><p>*We offer competitive remuneration package (5-day work week, year-end bonus, medical, housing &amp; meals etc.) and excellent career development opportunities. Interested parties, please send your CV with Expected Salary to hr@macaohotel-s.com</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Hotel S</p><p>Macau Hotel S, Situated on No. 14 e 16, Praca Ponte e Horta, Macau, offers boutique-style accommodation in central Macau. Only 10 &#8211; 15 minutes away from Ruins of St. Paul&#8217;s and A-Ma Temple. Nearby bus stop in this position direct access to the airport and other attractions. Macau Hotel S offers a variety of rooms from standard to deluxe suites, and all rooms are non-smoking and equipped with amenities including air conditioning, flat-screen TV, electric kettle, freezer, a bathroom with shower and personal care amenities etc. The hotel lobby also has Internet-enabled computers for guests and there is a Portuguese restaurant and bar. Macau Hotel S is the best choice for visitors who travel to Macau.</p><p>An International Chain hotel well situated at the heritage district of Macau, which has appointed an World Classed designer for a through renovation project and we will rebrand it in the next couple of years, the hotel will be restructured to a full range property with a roof top swimming pool, gymnasium; number of key will be reduced to 150 from the existing 178.&#160;</p><p>Our goal is to start a new era as a high-calibre and service oriented boutique hotel, we are now seeking for the positions below whom has the passions to join our dynamic team to achieve this forthcoming challenge.&#160;Opportunities will be granted to the passionate candidates</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Macau. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/general-manager-4429548?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4429548&sectionRank=29&token=0~5978080a-e82b-450d-a0f1-c81949bce897&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 