---
title: "Marriott International Vacancies Human Resources Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Marriott International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Human Resources Manager which positioned at Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marriott International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Human Resources Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Job Description :<br><b>Job Category</b> Human Resources<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur, Chinatown, No 2, Jalan Balai Polis, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-time<br><b>Relocation</b> No<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b><br>Start Your Journey With Us</b><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br><b>JOB SUMMARY</b><br>As a member of the property Human Resources support staff, he/she works with Human Resources employees to carry out the daily activities of the Human Resource Office including oversight of recruitment, total compensation, and training and development. Additionally, he/she focuses on delivering HR services that meet or exceed the needs of employees and enable business success; as well as ensures compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and operating procedures.<br><b>CANDIDATE PROFILE </b><br><b>Education and Experience</b><br>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 3 years experience in the human resources, management operations, or related professional area.<br>OR<br>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Human Resources, Business Administration, or related major; 1 year experience in the human resources, management operations, or related professional area.<br><b>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</b><br><b>Managing Recruitment and Hiring Process</b><br>&#8226; Assists in the interviewing and hiring of Human Resource employee team members with the appropriate skills, as needed.<br>&#8226; Establishes and maintains contact with external recruitment sources.<br>&#8226; Attends job fairs and ensures documentation of outreach efforts in accordance with Human Resource Standard Operating Procedures.<br>&#8226; Networks with local organizations (e.g., Hotel Association and peers) to source candidates for current or future openings.<br>&#8226; Oversees/monitors candidate identification and selection process.<br>&#8226; Provides subject matter expertise to property managers regarding selection procedures.<br>&#8226; Partners with vendor partners to ensure effective advertisement efforts are being utilized for open positions in appropriate venues to attract a diverse candidate pool.<br>&#8226; Performs quality control on candidate identification/selection.<br><b>Administering and Educating Employee Benefits</b><br>&#8226; Works with the unemployment services provider to respond to unemployment claims; reviews provider reports for accuracy and corrects errors.<br>&#8226; Prepares, audits and distributes unemployment claim activity reports to property management.<br>&#8226; Attends unemployment hearings and ensures property is properly represented.<br>&#8226; Ensures that department has the available resources on hand to administer employee.<br><b>Managing Employee Development</b><br>&#8226; Supports a departmental orientation program for employees to receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.<br>&#8226; Ensures employees are cross-trained to support successful daily operations.<br>&#8226; Uses all available on the job training tools for employees; supervise on-going training initiatives and conducts training, when appropriate.<br>&#8226; Ensures coordination and facilitation of new hire orientation program to generate a positive first impression for employees and empha the importance of guest service in company culture.<br>&#8226; Ensures attendance by all new hires and participation of the leadership team in training programs<br>&#8226; Collaborates with management team to ensure departmental orientation processes are in place and employees receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.<br><b>Maintaining Employee Relations</b><br>&#8226; Assists in maintaining effective employee communication channels in the property (e.g., develops daily communications and assists with regularly scheduled property-wide meetings).<br>&#8226; Reviews progressive discipline documentation for accuracy and consistency, and checks for supportive documentation and is accountable for determining appropriate action.<br>&#8226; Utilizes an  open door policy to acknowledge employee problems or concerns in a timely manner<br>&#8226; Ensures employee issues are referred to the Department Manager for resolution or escalated to the Director of Human Resources/Multi-Property Director of Human Resources.<br>&#8226; Partners with Loss Prevention to conduct employee accident investigations, as necessary.<br>&#8226; Communicates performance expectations in accordance with job descriptions for each position.<br><b>Managing Legal and Compliance Practices</b><br>&#8226; Ensures employee files contain required employment paperwork, proper performance management and compensation documentation, are properly maintained and secured for the required length of time.<br>&#8226; Ensures compliance with procedure for accessing, reviewing, and auditing employee files and ensure compliance with the Privacy Act.<br>&#8226; Ensures medical records are maintained in a separate, secure and confidential medical file.<br>&#8226; Facilitates random, reasonable belief and post accident drug testing process (in properties where applicable).<br>&#8226; Communicates property rules and regulations via the employee handbook.<br>&#8226; Ensures all safety and security policies (e.g., property removal, lost and found items, blood borne pathogens, accident reporting, and hygiene) are communicated to employees on a regular basis through orientation, property meetings, bulletin boards, etc.<br>&#8226; Conducts periodic claims reviews with Regional Claims office to ensure claims are closed in a timely manner and reserve levels are appropriate for open claims.<br>&#8226; Represents Human Resources at the property Safety Committee; helps to identify ways to create awareness of the importance of safety in the workplace and decrease accident frequency and severity.<br>&#8226; Manages Workers Compensation claims to ensure appropriate employee care and manage costs.<br>&#8226; Oversees the selection/non-selection and offers processes to ensure proper procedures are followed (e.g., valid reasons for selection/non-selection and applicants receive status notifications).<i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.</i><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Marriott International</span></h4></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=1833250&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 