---
title: "Marriott International Vacancies Paymaster (Contract)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-24 
excerpt: "Marriott International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Paymaster (Contract) which positioned at Malaysia" 
tags: [Malaysia] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marriott International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Paymaster (Contract)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Job Description :<br><b>Job Category</b> Finance and Accounting<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3, Desaru Coast, Bandar Penawar, Desaru, Malaysia, Malaysia<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Part-time<br><b>Relocation</b> No<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management/Hourly<br><b><br>Start Your Journey With Us</b><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br><b>Job Summary</b><br>Check figures, postings, and documents for correct entry, mathematical accuracy, and proper codes. Organize, secure, and maintain all files, records, cash and cash equivalents in accordance with policies and procedures. Record, store, access, and/or analyze computerized financial information. Maintain accurate electronic spreadsheets for financial and accounting data. Classify, code, and summarize numerical and financial data to compile and keep financial records, using journals, ledgers, and/or computers. Prepare, maintain, and distribute statistical, financial, accounting, auditing, or payroll reports and tables. Complete period-end closing procedures and reports as specified. Prepare, review, reconcile, and issue bills, invoices, and account statements according to company procedures.<br>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets; protect the privacy and security of guests and coworkers. Address guests service needs in a professional, positive, and timely manner. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones and emails using appropriate etiquette. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.<i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.</i><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Marriott International</span></h4></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Malaysia. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=2055197&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 