---
title: "Hotel S Vacancies Resident Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-10 
excerpt: "Hotel S is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Resident Manager which positioned at Macau" 
tags: [Macau] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hotel S is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Resident Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Chief Operating Officer</strong></p><p><strong>Who Are We?</strong></p><p>Hotel S is a creative hub and boutique hospitality provider with an aim to connect and inspire travellers from around the world. Originality is the key. Just as the graffiti artworks that adorn the hotel&#8217;s fa&#231;ade, we would like our guests to feel the difference when coming to stay. As a hotel and art space, each floor has specially dedicated pieces. Our &#8216;Out Loud Festival&#8217; is a yearly extravaganza to promote Macau&#8217;s art scene.</p><p><strong>Who Are You?</strong></p><p>Are You a fan of street art? Do you like to mingle and connect with people form different countries? Are you an attentive and innovative learner, looking for the next step?</p><p>If so, this may be the job for you!</p><p>We are looking for an outgoing individual that is adaptive to different roles in a boutique hospitality establishment. Willing to think outside of the box when it comes to upgrading hotel operations. You will be overlooking and assisting with rooms division and back office departments. Hands-on, down to earth is vital for you to excel in this role.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Assist COO in making key strategic and operational decisions for the hotel</li><li>Design, develop and implement <strong><em>multitasking system</em></strong> throughout the hotel</li><li>Maintain a positive attitude to guests requirements &#8211; highly attentive to service needs, responding positively and politely to guests needs, ensuring timely resolution</li><li>Communicate clearly with all other departments and board of directors</li><li>Assist in assessing staff performance, conduct appraisals, and strategized for improving staff performance</li><li>Assist in implementing quality and productivity objectives to achieve goals</li><li>Evaluate key productivity indicators and implement process improvement initiatives</li><li>Ensure that employees follow the company standards, policies and strategies</li><li>Assist in recruiting, training, performance evaluation, promotions, and releasing the employees</li><li>Assist in follow-up of all guest incident and record in system</li><li>Address operational, technical and mechanical issues in a timely manner</li><li>Assist in manage direct reporting to Board of Directors related to financial, business, and administration matters</li><li>Assist in completing all required health and safety/fire checks on time</li><li>Be responsible for evacuation, in case of emergency, acting as first point of contact for the team, guests and the emergency services</li><li>Develop a positive and creative working environment for our support divisions and operations teams to ensure proper operational support</li><li>Assist in housekeeping issues</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Previous relevant working experience in hotels, restaurants or similar establishments</li><li>Fluent in spoken and written English and Mandarin. Knowledge of other languages is a plus</li><li>A contemporary style: You&#8217;re inspired by design and creativity, and love to use technology to simplify your life</li><li>Enjoys: Multitasking and working in a fast paced environment. Finding creative solutions to challenging issues</li><li>Undergraduate or above</li><li>Working location &#8211; Macau</li></ul><p>*We offer competitive remuneration package (bonus, medical, housing &amp; meals etc.) and excellent career development opportunities.</p><p>Interested parties, please send your CV with Expected Salary.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Hotel S</p><p>Macau Hotel S, Situated on No. 14 e 16, Praca Ponte e Horta, Macau, offers boutique-style accommodation in central Macau. Only 10 &#8211; 15 minutes away from Ruins of St. Paul&#8217;s and A-Ma Temple. Nearby bus stop in this position direct access to the airport and other attractions. Macau Hotel S offers a variety of rooms from standard to deluxe suites, and all rooms are non-smoking and equipped with amenities including air conditioning, flat-screen TV, electric kettle, freezer, a bathroom with shower and personal care amenities etc. The hotel lobby also has Internet-enabled computers for guests and there is a Portuguese restaurant and bar. Macau Hotel S is the best choice for visitors who travel to Macau.</p><p>An International Chain hotel well situated at the heritage district of Macau, which has appointed an World Classed designer for a through renovation project and we will rebrand it in the next couple of years, the hotel will be restructured to a full range property with a roof top swimming pool, gymnasium; number of key will be reduced to 150 from the existing 178.&#160;</p><p>Our goal is to start a new era as a high-calibre and service oriented boutique hotel, we are now seeking for the positions below whom has the passions to join our dynamic team to achieve this forthcoming challenge.&#160;Opportunities will be granted to the passionate candidates</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Macau. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/resident-manager-4440649?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4440649&sectionRank=7&token=0~0f99dfaf-f638-4af0-8297-74209495fd2f&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 