---
title: "Hotel S Vacancies Chief Operating Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-10 
excerpt: "Hotel S is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Chief Operating Officer which positioned at Hong Kong" 
tags: [Hong Kong] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hotel S is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Chief Operating Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Who Are We?</strong></p><p>Hotel S is a creative hub and boutique hospitality provider with an aim to connect and inspire travellers from around the world. Originality is the key. Just as the graffiti artworks that adorn the hotel&#8217;s fa&#231;ade, we would like our guests to feel the difference when coming to stay. As a hotel and art space, each floor has specially dedicated pieces. Our &#8216;Out Loud Festival&#8217; is a yearly extravaganza to promote Macau&#8217;s art scene.</p><p><strong>Who Are You?</strong></p><p>We are looking for a lively and enthusiastic leader with a guest service orientated vision, who is equally willing to work hands-on with reception staff as they are setting sales/revenue strategies with the marketing department. Attention to detail and willingness to cater to our guest&#8217;s every need is vital for this position. You will be learning extensively whilst working hand in hand with the board of directors. A willingness to plan, host and participate in our recurring graffiti and street party &#8216;Out Loud Festival&#8217;. Possess a &#8216;Can Do&#8217; attitude even when problems and issues arise. Having the knowledge to implement front office multitasking receptions and an openness to new and creative ways to hospitality management.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Makes key strategic and operational decisions for the Hotel</li><li>Design, develop and implement <strong><em>multitasking system</em></strong> throughout the hotel</li><li>Ensure that employees follow the company standards, policies and strategies</li><li>Cooperate in recruiting, training, performance evaluation, promotions, and releasing the employees</li><li>Coordinate in planning short term and long term projects, budgets, expense controls, schedules, and manpower</li><li>Develop and implement staffing and business plans to achieve business target</li><li>Evaluate key productivity indicators and implement process improvement initiatives</li><li>Supervise merchandise damage reduction activities, manual backorders, and merchandise orders</li><li>Identify and report equipment repair and maintenance works promptly</li><li>Address operational, technical and mechanical issues in a timely manner</li><li>Manage direct reporting to Board of Directors related to financial, business, and administration matters</li><li>Complete all required health and safety/fire checks on time</li><li>Ensure the PMS database is appropriately managed and updated</li><li>Be responsible for evacuation, in case of emergency, acting as first point of contact for the team, guests and the emergency services</li><li>Develop a positive working environment for our support divisions and operations teams to ensure proper operational support</li><li>Maintain personal knowledge by completing in-house training and workbooks</li><li>Always adhere to all company policies and procedures and licensing laws</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Fluent in spoken and written English and Mandarin. Knowledge of other languages is a plus</li><li>Bachelor Degree or above</li><li>5- 10+ years working experience in 4-5 star hotel establishments</li><li>Working location &#8211; Macau</li></ul><p>*We offer competitive remuneration package (bonus, medical, housing &amp; meals etc.) and excellent career development opportunities.</p><p>Interested parties, please send your CV with Expected Salary.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Hotel S</p><p>Macau Hotel S, Situated on No. 14 e 16, Praca Ponte e Horta, Macau, offers boutique-style accommodation in central Macau. Only 10 &#8211; 15 minutes away from Ruins of St. Paul&#8217;s and A-Ma Temple. Nearby bus stop in this position direct access to the airport and other attractions. Macau Hotel S offers a variety of rooms from standard to deluxe suites, and all rooms are non-smoking and equipped with amenities including air conditioning, flat-screen TV, electric kettle, freezer, a bathroom with shower and personal care amenities etc. The hotel lobby also has Internet-enabled computers for guests and there is a Portuguese restaurant and bar. Macau Hotel S is the best choice for visitors who travel to Macau.</p><p>An International Chain hotel well situated at the heritage district of Macau, which has appointed an World Classed designer for a through renovation project and we will rebrand it in the next couple of years, the hotel will be restructured to a full range property with a roof top swimming pool, gymnasium; number of key will be reduced to 150 from the existing 178.&#160;</p><p>Our goal is to start a new era as a high-calibre and service oriented boutique hotel, we are now seeking for the positions below whom has the passions to join our dynamic team to achieve this forthcoming challenge.&#160;Opportunities will be granted to the passionate candidates</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Hong Kong. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/chief-operating-officer-4440666?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4440666&sectionRank=9&token=0~0f99dfaf-f638-4af0-8297-74209495fd2f&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 