---
title: "Marriott International Vacancies F&B Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Marriott International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the F&B Attendant which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marriott International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>F&B Attendant</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Job Description :<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel, No. 2 , Jalan Permas, Bandar Baru Permas jaya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia<br><b>Brand</b> Renaissance Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-time<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management/Hourly<br><b><br>Start Your Journey With Us</b><br>You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask 'why' when given an explanation. Today, you bring your personal style to every experience. You live life to discover. You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn&#8217;t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you&#8217;re in the right place. You&#8217;ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours. That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re not just looking for anyone. We&#8217;re looking for someone like you.<br>Complete closing duties, including storing all reusable goods, breaking down goods, cleaning all equipment and areas, returning equipment to proper locations, locking refrigerators, restocking items, turning off lights, locking doors, and completing daily cleaning checklist. Set up, stock, and maintain work areas. Inspect the cleanliness and presentation of all china, glass, and silver prior to use. Maintain cleanliness of work areas throughout the day, practicing clean-as-you-go procedures.<br>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional. Maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Support all co-workers and treat them with dignity and respect. Support team to reach common goals. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e. g., small print). Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces and steps. Move up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.<br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Marriott International</span></h4></div> <div><p>Marriott International</p></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=1960835&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 