---
title: "Company Confidential Vacancies ISLAND HOTEL, RESORT MANAGER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-10 
excerpt: "Company Confidential is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the ISLAND HOTEL, RESORT MANAGER which positioned at Perak - Others" 
tags: [Perak - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Company Confidential is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>ISLAND HOTEL, RESORT MANAGER</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>- With at least 5 years experience in hotel management as an advantage.</p><p>- Able To Attend Social Entertains / Events / Night Dinners With Clients For Resort / Hotel Business Purposes.</p><p>- Execute day-to-day activities of loss prevention, risk management, safety/security, maintenance, sales, marketing, and other operations of hotel departments.</p><p>- Monitor employee performance and conduct regular evaluations to help improve customer service.</p><p>Manage budgets/expenses, analyze and interpret financial information and monitor sales and profits</p><p>- Collect payments and maintain records of budgets, funds, and expenses.</p><p>- Welcome and register group check in guests once they arrive.</p><p>- Manage guest relations and coordinate requests for repairs and maintenance. Have an understanding of hotel charges and guest concerns.</p><p>-&#160;Communicate with customers when appropriate (welcome them in the facilities, address their complaints, find solutions to problems, offer information etc.)</p><p>- Establish and maintain collaborative working relationships between departments, with coworkers, and other members of a team project. Prepare for team meetings in advance.</p><p>- To manage the front office and reservation department of the Resort/Hotel</p><p>- To manage the housekeeping of the Resort/Hotel</p><p>- To manage the facilities of the Resort/Hotel</p><p>- To manage all needed repairs and maintenance to the Resort / Hotel</p><p>- Deal with customer complaints and comments</p><p>- Carry out inspections of property and services</p><p>- Manage and track hotel inventory</p><p>- Prepares Sales Reports and annual Sales &amp; Marketing Plan</p><p>- Knowledge of travel industry, current market trends and economic factors</p><p>- Develop rates, group sales deployment strategies through review of competitive data, demand analysis and mix management.</p><p>- Prepare, implement and compile data for the strategic sales plan, monthly reports, annual goals, sales and marketing budget, forecasts and other reports as directed/required.</p><p>- To conduct, manage all sales, promotion, publicity &amp; marketing of the Resort / Hotel, including but not limited to marketing and advertising through Facebook and / or other social media, Agoda, Trivago, Airbnb and other similar online platforms, advertisements, roadshows, outdoor events, and travel agencies, all other sales and marketing related tasks</p><p>- To administer and management the staffing and human resources, and to ensure and maintain that the employees of the Resort/Hotel are with competence and skills to assure quality operation of the Resort / Hotel</p><p>- Ensure safety and adherence to rules and regulations</p><p>- Deliver hotel budget goals and set other short and long term strategic goals for the property.</p><p>- Draw up plans and budget (revenues, costs, etc.) for the owners.</p><p>- Overseeing and managing all departments and working closely with department heads on a daily basis.</p><p>- Lead in all aspects of business planning.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We value Employees who are putting efforts in the works.</strong></p><p><strong>We appreciate Employees with the Rewards.</strong></p><p><strong>With Good Prospect Future and Remuneration Packages for those who are committed and performing well.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Perak - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/island-hotel-resort-manager-4421084?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4421084&sectionRank=4&token=0~b21abca4-6d74-4c29-80d9-cd9a722a7762&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 