---
title: "Inter Island Manpower Pte Ltd Vacancies Facility Service Specialist - Houskeeping Department" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Inter Island Manpower Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Facility Service Specialist - Houskeeping Department which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Inter Island Manpower Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Facility Service Specialist - Houskeeping Department</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Resonsibilites:-</strong></div><div>You will be responsible to perform operational cleaning duties as directed by your team leader or your supervisor.<div>Day-To-Day Duties</div><ul><li>Sweep,mop and vacuum with the correct tools, equipment and chemicals.</li><li>Wiping and cleaning of table, desks and counter.</li><li>Dusting of shelvings and cabinets.</li><li>Spot cleaning of the glass, shiny surfaces and windows (not more than 2M in height).</li><li>Trash clearing, installing of bin liner and trash bags.</li><li>Toilets washing (if needed)</li><li>Disinfecting of table surfaces, phones, keyboards, door handles &amp; electric switches.</li><li>Spot cleaning of carpet &amp; upholstery.</li><li>Maintaining housekeeping of tools, equipment and machines.</li><li>Up-keep housekeeping storage items and store room.</li><li>Periodic cleaning of glass, surfaces and door handles</li><li>Cleaning of passenger lift (if needed)</li><li>Cleaning of staircase (if needed)</li></ul></div><div><strong>Job Requirements:-</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Master's Degree, any field.</li><li>Able to perform shift work</li><li>No work experience required.</li><li>Training Provided</li><li>20 Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul><div>Registration Number : R1223237<br>INTER ISLAND MANPOWER PTE LTD<br>(Co Reg: 200810144N / EA License: 08C3257)<br>Please send your updated resume by clicking "<strong>Apply</strong>". Only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Welcome to the <strong>Inter Island Group</strong>.</div><div><br>We are a full-service employment expert specialising in the complete range of staffing services within and beyond the shores of Singapore. From foreign worker recruitment to permanent placement and executive search, our single-minded objective is to solve your employment needs professionally, speedily and effectively.</div><div>We ride on our operating philosophies of &#8220;Warmth, Integrity, Responsibility and Professionalism&#8221; &#8211; the cornerstones of our services &#8211; we are relentless in our pursuit of the ultimate customer experience, from pre to post recruitment. Our dedication lies not just in meeting your expectations, but in exceeding them; so as to make the stressful process of staffing easier, hassle-free and hopefully, enjoyable.</div><div>Our team of consultants are selected from some of the finest in various industries, intensively trained to embrace our operating philosophies. Workshops are conducted regularly to update and educate our consultants in the latest industry trends and knowledge to ensure delivery of real results to companies and individuals who have come to count on us for your recruitment needs.</div><div>Benefiting from the far-reaching footprint of the Inter Island Group, we are further supported by a robust network of recruitment partners and branches globally in Taiwan, China, Malaysia, Macau and Vietnam.</div><div>Together, our inherent workforce and established partners work closely and meticulously to manage the entire recruitment process; from pursuing, matching, short-listing, analysing, screening, to finally determining the right candidates with the right skill sets and attitudes. The result: a mutually-benefiting scenario for our clients and the talents. We aim to deliver exceptional services!</div><div>Inter Island Manpower Pte Ltd EA License: 08C3527<br>&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/facility-service-specialist-houskeeping-department-8210928/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8210928&sectionRank=5&token=0~8ba97bb8-9c04-4470-885f-a5f9cdde3f6e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 