---
title: "Marriott International Vacancies Front Office Agent" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Marriott International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Front Office Agent which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marriott International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Front Office Agent</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Job Description :<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms and Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Courtyard Penang, 218D Jalan Macalister, George Town, Penang, Malaysia, Malaysia<br><b>Brand</b> Courtyard by Marriott<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-time<br><b>Relocation</b> No<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management/Hourly<br><b><br>Start Your Journey With Us</b><br>With more than 330 managed locations in more than 20 countries Courtyard by Marriott offers a refreshing environment that helps guests stay connected and balanced. Working at Courtyard, you'll ensure guests have a smooth, productive stay that meets their personal and business needs. Find Your World&#8482; at Courtyard by Marriott.<br><b>Job Summary</b><br>Process all guest check-ins by confirming reservations, assigning room, and issuing and activating room key. Process all payment types such as room charges, cash, checks, debit, or credit. Process all check-outs including resolving any late and disputed charges. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, messages, requests, questions, or concerns. Coordinate with Housekeeping to track readiness of rooms for check-in. Communicate parking procedures to guests/visitors and dispatch bell staff or valet staff as needed. Supply guests with directions and information regarding property and local areas of interest. Run daily reports (number of arrivals, departures), identify any special requests, and check reports for accuracy. Complete designated cashier and closing reports in the computer system. Cash guests personal checks and traveler's checks. Count bank at the beginning and end of shift. Balance and drop receipts according to Accounting specifications.<br>Follow all company safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.<i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.</i><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Marriott International</span></h4></div> <div><p>Marriott International</p></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=1968630&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 