---
title: "Hyatt Vacancies Gallery Host" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Hyatt is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Gallery Host which positioned at Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hyatt is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Gallery Host</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Summary :<br>We are looking for people who are passionate and able to deliver excellent customer service in a fast paced environment.<br>Here in Hyatt House Kuala Lumpur, we CARE for the safety and wellbeing of our guests and aim to create a memorable experience for our guests. We are looking for team players who are able to multitask between the areas of food and beverage service, front office guest relations duties and delivering guest services that represent hospitality at its best! More so than ever, we are now looking for individuals who have a positive attitude, who are ready to face challenges and who want to work hard to develop their careers with Hyatt- recognized as one of the best hotel companies to work for!&#160;<br><b>What we offer:</b><br><li>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#160;Fun and exciting work environment</li><br><li>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#160;Intensive training in area of specialization with customized personal learning plan</li><br><li>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#160;Coaching and mentoring</li><br><li>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#160;Exposure to various multitasking tasks</li><br><li>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#160;Participation in Hyatt&#8217;s programs and initiatives</li><br>Qualifications :<br><li>Education : Certificate or Higher Education Levels in hospitality major or any related field</li><li>Language Skills: A good working knowledge of English Language/ Proficiency in local language may be required</li><li>Experience: Relevant work experience in hotel operations is an advantage</li><li>Strong interpersonal communication skills</li><li>Ability to do multi-tasking </li><li>Desire to drive revenue and committed to the growth of the hotel</li><li>Pleasant personality&#160;</li><br>A career with Hyatt opens a world of opportunities. We have continually been named as one of the World&#8217;s Best Multinational Workplaces.<br>Our values of Empathy, Creativity, Fun, Humility, Integrity and Respect are at the core of what we do. Our family atmosphere is what keeps our associates highly engaged.<br><b>Apply now to join our diverse and multitalented family of go-getters!</b></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Hyatt</span></h4></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=1591676&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 