---
title: "Marriott International Vacancies B&F Sales Manager 饮食销售" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Marriott International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the B&F Sales Manager 饮食销售 which positioned at Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marriott International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>B&F Sales Manager 饮食销售</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Job Description :<br><b>Job Category</b> Sales and Marketing<br><b>Location</b> JW Marriott Hotel Kuala Lumpur, 183 Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts /JW Marriott<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-time<br><b>Relocation</b> No<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management/Hourly<br><b><br>Start Your Journey With Us</b><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat.<br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br><b>Job Summary</b><br>Contact appropriate individual or department (e.g., Sales, Data Administration, Accounting) as necessary to resolve guest calls, requests, or problems. Use sales techniques that maximize revenue while maintaining existing guest loyalty to Marriott, including up-selling. Determine and give complimentaries to guests as gifts for their patronage (e.g., rewards points, show tickets, gift certificates). Promote awareness of brand image internally and externally. Process requests for redeeming Marriott Rewards points. Process all reservation requests, changes, and cancellations received by phone, fax, or mail. Enter Marriott Rewards information into appropriate software when taking guest reservations. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, requests, questions, or concerns. Perform general office duties to support Sales &amp; Marketing (e.g., filing, sending emails, typing, faxing). Assist management in training and motivating employees; serve as a role model.<br>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests service needs; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Monitor the performance of others to ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.<i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.</i><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Marriott International</span></h4></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=1960832&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 