---
title: "Marriott International Vacancies Purchasing Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Marriott International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Purchasing Executive which positioned at Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marriott International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Purchasing Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Job Description :<br><b>Job Category</b> Procurement, Purchasing, and Quality Assurance<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Stesen Sentral &amp; Jalan Travers, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Malaysia<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-time<br><b>Relocation</b> No<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management/Hourly<br><b><br>Start Your Journey With Us</b><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br>Print and organize various necessary documents, summarize relevant information, and distribute information to appropriate employees. Maintain up-to-date knowledge of company food safety programs, as well as all local, state, and federal regulations. Adhere to food safety and handling policies and procedures across all food-related areas. Maintain clear and organized records to ensure all reports and invoices are filed and stored properly. Calculate figures for food inventories, orders, and costs. Conduct inventory audits to determine inventory levels and needs. Notify manager/supervisor of low stock levels. Troubleshoot vendor delivery issues and oversee return process. Verify and track received inventory. Reconcile shipping invoices and receiving reports. Receive, unload, and process deliveries. Monitor PAR levels for all food items to ensure proper levels. Refuse acceptance of damaged, unacceptable, or incorrect items. Assist management in training, scheduling, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications.<br>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional. Maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Support all co-workers and treat them with dignity and respect. Support team to reach common goals. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e. g., small print). Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces and steps. Move up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.<i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.</i><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Marriott International</span></h4></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=2031213&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 