---
title: "Marriott International Vacancies Multi Property IT Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-24 
excerpt: "Marriott International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Multi Property IT Manager which positioned at Malaysia" 
tags: [Malaysia] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marriott International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Multi Property IT Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Job Description :<br><b>Job Category</b> Information Technology<br><b>Location</b> Miri Marriott Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Temenggong Datuk Oyong Lawai, Miri, Sarawak, Malaysia<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts /JW Marriott<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-time<br><b>Relocation</b> Yes<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b><br>Start Your Journey With Us</b><br>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br><b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel.<br><b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;.<br><b>JOB SUMMARY</b><br>As a member of the property management staff, contributes advanced knowledge and skill in technology and general hospitality business knowledge to support the property and technology Information Resources objectives. Position is responsible to the property for all technology planning, decision-making, implementation, and maintenance. May manage property systems technicians and interfaces with vendors, owners, Executive Committee and property staff.<br><b>CANDIDATE PROFILE </b><br><b>Education and Experience</b><br>&#8226; BS/BA or equivalent work experience. Additionally, 3-5 years experience in like position.<br>&#8226; Previous experience in IR Global Field Services or Marriott Systems Support desirable.<br>&#8226; System-related professional certifications desired.<br><b>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</b><br><i><b><i>Ensuring Client Technology Needs are Met</i></b></i><br>&#8226; Uses computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information.<br>&#8226; Monitors, verifies and manages the acquisition and maintenance of property based systems.<br>&#8226; Analyzes information, identifies current and potential problems and proposes solutions.<br>&#8226; Maintains, inspects and repairs equipment.<br>&#8226; Inspects and verifies the maintenance of the equipment or the environment.<br>&#8226; Verifies that computer and network operations are monitored at the property, backup/recovery functions are performed on scheduled basis and administration functions for hardware, operating and application systems are maintained and completed on consistent basis.<br>&#8226; Manages IR activities to ensure the property infrastructure and applications systems are functional at all times.<br>&#8226; Verifies solutions are consistent with the client's needs and brand specific IR environment.<br>&#8226; Administers and maintains mail and email.<br>&#8226; Maintains inventories and manages IT hardware/software.<br>&#8226; Provides Internet support and maintenance (if applicable)<br>&#8226; Provides cable management support.<br>&#8226; Generates systems communications for property users to introduce new applications, provide user tips, alert users of system problems and inform staff of progress or status.<br>&#8226; Consults on specific application issues or hardware/software problems.<br>&#8226; Provides feedback to Lodging IR on application functional performance and system performance.<br><i><b><i>Managing Projects and Policies </i></b></i><br>&#8226; Uses relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards.<br>&#8226; Monitors processes and evaluating information according to SOP and LSOP requirements.<br>&#8226; Enforces IR policies and standards protecting company hardware, software and other resources at the property.<br>&#8226; Directs maintenance of equipment and installed software applications inventory for property ensuring compliance with licensing regulations.<br><b>Maintaining Information Systems and Technology Goals</b><br>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.<br>&#8226; Performs an assessment of needs, ensuring compliance with brand specific standards, budget and capital requirements.<br>&#8226; Determines priorities, schedules, plans and necessary resources to ensure completion of any property projects on schedule and according to specification.<br>&#8226; Verifies problems are correctly reported, routed, tracked and solved, with the system user being informed of situation at all times.<br>&#8226; Verifies proper asset management.<br>&#8226; Performs on-site monitoring of all projects.<br>&#8226; Verifies that regular on-going communication is happening in all areas of responsibility to create awareness of business objectives and communicates expectations, recognizes performance and produces desired business results.<br><b>Demonstrating and Applying IR Knowledge </b><br>&#8226; Keeps up-to-date technically and applies new knowledge to your job.<br>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge of job-relevant issues, products, systems, and processes.<br>&#8226; Provides technical expertise and support.<br><b>Leading IR Team </b><br>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.<br>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.<br>&#8226; Celebrates successes and publicly recognizes the contributions of team members.<br>&#8226; Provides a technical perspective to information needs along with cost/benefits understanding in an influencing role.<br><i><b><i>Managing and Conducting Human Resource Activities </i></b></i><br>&#8226; Verifies employees are treated fairly and equitably.<br>&#8226; Verifies property policies are administered fairly and consistently.<br><b>Additional Responsibilities </b><br>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.<br>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.<br>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution and solve problems.<br>&#8226; Coordinates property efforts, prioritizes needs and communicates those needs to IR Shared Services and other systems staff.<br>&#8226; Manages vendors for property IT requirements functioning as escalation point for problem resolution.<i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.</i><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Marriott International</span></h4></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Malaysia. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=2055199&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 