---
title: "Marriott International Vacancies Assistant Human Resources Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-24 
excerpt: "Marriott International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Human Resources Manager which positioned at Malaysia" 
tags: [Malaysia] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marriott International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Human Resources Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Job Description :<br><b>Job Category</b> Human Resources<br><b>Location</b> The Ritz-Carlton, Langkawi, PO Box 199, Langkawi, Malaysia, Malaysia<br><b>Brand</b> The Ritz-Carlton<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-time<br><b>Relocation</b> No<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management/Hourly<br><b><br>Start Your Journey With Us</b><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br><b>Job Summary</b><br>Assist in monitoring/tracking employee relations issues including resolution and follow-up. Assist and support management and the leadership team with handling and resolving Human Resources issues. Monitor all hiring and recruitment processes for compliance with all local, state, and federal laws and company policies and standards. Inform Human Resources management of issues related to employee relations. Respond to questions, requests, and concerns from employees and management regarding company and Human Resources programs, policies and guidelines. Disseminate information to employees related to employer-employee relations, employee activities, and personnel policies and programs. Review and ensure accurate maintenance of all employee records and files (e.g., interview documents, I-9's). Assist in logistics, administration, and scheduling of annual employee surveys. Answer phone calls and record messages. Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees.<br>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.<i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.</i><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Marriott International</span></h4></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Malaysia. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=2055198&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 