---
title: "Borneo Convention Centre Kuching Vacancies DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-29 
excerpt: "Borneo Convention Centre Kuching is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS which positioned at Kuching" 
tags: [Kuching] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Borneo Convention Centre Kuching is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Requirements:-</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Business Studies/Administration/Management, Food &amp; Beverage Services Management, Hospitality/Tourism/Hotel Management or equivalent.</li><li>At least 10&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Ability to develop and manage all operational performance indices which include cost, revenue, employee engagement and guest satisfaction.</li><li>Efficient operations and effective cost control of all operational departments including kitchens, restaurant and various aspects of venue operations.</li><li>Effective staffing management and utilization of resources. Able to provide guidance and sound direction to the operational team as well as identifying developmental needs and provide appropriate mentoring and coaching to elevate the standards and calibres of the team.</li><li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills, business acumen and decision-making skills.</li><li>Effective customer relations management to ensure the level of customer service standard exceed clients' and guests' expectations.</li><li>Ability to initiate and drive change with effective project and stakeholder management skills.</li><li>Preferably Senior Manager specialized in Corporate Strategy/Top Management or equivalent.</li></ul><div><strong>Responsibilities:-</strong></div><ul><li>Oversee all operation departments to deliver for all events meeting clients' requirements in a professional manner.</li><li>Participate as a member in the Senior Management Committee and attend scheduled Senior Management Meetings as well as Board of Directors Meetings.</li><li>Monitor and control departmental expenses and be instrumental in determining pricing in conjuction with Management's guidelines.</li><li>Oversee the delivery of high quality service in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures, at a cost commensurate with the budget guidelines.</li><li>Ensure that the relevant State's licensing laws and regulations (liquor, Halal, OH&amp;S etc) are adhered to.</li><li>Ensure that the highest possible standards of hygiene are maintained and ISO 22000 &amp; 9001 management system requirements are fully met.</li><li>Provide regular reports to Management on BCCK's operations to monitor profitablity and to effect necessary action, where applicable.</li><li>Conduct scheduled operations meetings and briefings to ensure all events are fully coordinated with&#160; other relevant departments within the Centre.</li><li>Oversee and coordinate all offsite food &amp; beverage operations.</li><li>Be responsible for the day-to-day management of Operations team which includes Event Management, Customer Relations, F&amp;B,Security &amp; Safety, Housekeeping &amp; Stewarding, Audio Visual, Culinary &amp; The Raintree Restaurant.</li></ul><div>The above position offers an attractive salary with generous benefits to the right person. If you are looking forward to work for a company where dedication and commitment come with ease, this may be the next step in your career.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Where the Borneo Adventure Begins &#8230;</strong><br>
<strong>Join Us as We Build a Great Team</strong></div>
<div>We are the first and only convention centre in Sarawak, Borneo with capacities to serve the needs of the meetings, incentives, conventions and exhibitions (MICE) industry at local, national, regional and international levels</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuching. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/director-of-operations-4430636?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4430636&sectionRank=1&token=0~27267a63-37c2-4b10-83fb-0b0d9259239d&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 