---
title: "Marriott International Vacancies Junior Sous Chef" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Marriott International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Junior Sous Chef which positioned at Johor , Malaysia" 
tags: [Johor , Malaysia] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marriott International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Junior Sous Chef</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Job Description :<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel, No. 2 , Jalan Permas, Bandar Baru Permas jaya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia<br><b>Brand</b> Renaissance Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-time<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management/Hourly<br><b><br>Start Your Journey With Us</b><br>You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask 'why' when given an explanation. Today, you bring your personal style to every experience. You live life to discover. You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn&#8217;t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you&#8217;re in the right place. You&#8217;ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours. That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re not just looking for anyone. We&#8217;re looking for someone like you.<br><b>Job Summary</b><br>Supervise and coordinate activities of cooks and workers. Determine how food should be presented, and create decorative food displays. Ensure proper portion, arrangement, and food garnish to be served. Monitor the quantity of food that is prepared. Inform F&amp;B service staff of 86'ed items and number of available menu specials. Prepare special meals or substitute items. Assist cooks and kitchen staff with various tasks. Provide cooks with needed items. Monitor stock of kitchen supplies and food. Maintain kitchen logs for food safety program and food products. Ensure the quality of the food items and notify manager if a product does not meet specifications. Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees.<br>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance needs, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Address guests service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.<i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.</i><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Marriott International</span></h4></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Johor , Malaysia. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=2024183&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 