---
title: "Rubikq Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Head Butler for Private Club" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-03 
excerpt: "Rubikq Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head Butler for Private Club which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Rubikq Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head Butler for Private Club</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Preferably:</strong></div><ul><li>Former Cabin crew from airline industry</li><li>Age &lt;30 years old</li><li>Mandarin and Cantonese speaker</li><li>&#31934;&#36890;&#20013;&#25991;&#65292;&#24191;&#19996;&#35805;&#65292;&#33521;&#25991;</li></ul><div><strong>Basic requirement:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Hospitality/Tourism/Hotel Management or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;English, Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin</li><li>At least 4&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): hospitality, hotel management</li><li>Preferably Manager specialized in Hotel Management/Tourism Services or equivalent.</li></ul><div><div><strong>Job brief:</strong></div><div>We are looking for a Butler to act as the private club&#8217;s main point of contact for our Guests and VIP Guests throughout their time in the club, He / she should be fully conversant with all services and facilities offered by the hotel and also about the local vicinity.&#160;</div><div>Serves food&#160;courses&#160;and alcoholic beverages to guests, Also Provides a courteous, professional, efficient, flexible and personalized service at all times. Always well groomed, clean, pleasant and creating renowned memorable experiences for the guests.</div><div>Ultimately, you will help us provide the best possible experience for our guests during their time in the club.</div></div><div><div><strong>Responsibilities and duties:</strong></div><div>This will be included but not limited to:-</div><ul><li>Providing personalized service to guests</li><li>Having a deep knowledge of all club amenities for guests</li><li>Working with all departments (housekeeping, food services, etc.) to meet guests&#8217; needs</li><li>Meet guests when they arrive, welcoming and usher them</li><li>Anticipate guests&#8217; needs by learning their preferences, allergies, dislikes, etc.</li><li>Have a thorough understanding of all spirits and specialty foods in stock and menu selections.</li><li>Assess and restock wine and spirit collections as necessary</li><li>Serve meals and pour drinks for guests</li><li>Picks-up trays and clean tables as needed to ensure a clean dining area.</li><li>Communicate with housekeeping to ensure the club is cleaned at the most convenient time for guests</li><li>Maintain cleanliness of work areas, china, glass, etc., throughout the day.</li><li>Run errands for guests when necessary</li><li>Recommend and arrange club amenities for guests</li><li>See guests off when they leaving the club</li><li>Remain well-groomed at all times</li><li>Keep up-to-date on all club policies on safety and hygiene</li><li>Perform all duties with discretion, professionalism and a pleasant demeanor</li><li>Performs all his/her duties with the sense of priority and dedication.</li><li>Hosts and welcome all guests in a gracious and polite manner, and to have the ability to hold a conversation with the guest in a natural and spontaneous manner.</li><li>Takes notes of all the information, updates and instruction and giving proper handover before signing off from the shift.</li><li>Carries out any other reasonable duties and responsibilities as assigned out of the list.</li><li>To attend and contribute to all meetings, Departmental and Hotel training as scheduled and other related activities.</li></ul><div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Experience as a Butler or similar role in the hospitality industry</li><li>Strong multi-tasking skills</li><li>Excellent organizational skills</li><li>Ability to adapt to a fluid environment</li><li>Commitment to a high level of customer service</li><li>Strict attention to detail</li><li>Knowledge of area restaurants, theaters and other attractions</li><li>Ability to handle sensitive matters with efficiency and discretion</li><li>Knowledge of food and wine pairings is a plus</li><li>Associate&#8217;s or bachelor&#8217;s degree in hotel management</li><li>Positive attitude and good communication skills, with excellent grooming standards.</li><li>Commitment to delivering a high level of hospitality.</li><li>Flexibility to respond to a variety of different work situations and ability to work on your own.</li></ul></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Come work at Rubikq Sdn. Bhd., a leading firm in our industry in the metro area. We are looking for enthusiatic and passionate personal to keep us growing. If you're hard-working and dedicated, Rubikq Sdn. Bhd. is an ideal place to get ahead. Apply today!</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-butler-for-private-club-4415709?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4415709&sectionRank=6&token=0~27f5c2c5-2793-4cc9-a60d-3a216a01f2d1&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 