---
title: "Marriott International Vacancies Assistant Manager, Concierge / Service Express" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Marriott International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Manager, Concierge / Service Express which positioned at Malaysia" 
tags: [Malaysia] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marriott International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Manager, Concierge / Service Express</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><br>Job Description :<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms and Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Langkawi Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Pantai Dato, Langkawi, Malaysia, Malaysia<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-time<br><b>Relocation</b> No<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b><br>Start Your Journey With Us</b><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br><b>JOB SUMMARY</b><br>Responsible for supporting all aspects of Concierge functions in accordance with hotel standards. Maintains a concierge service and management philosophy that serves as a guide to respective staff. Assists in developing and maintaining the acknowledgment and service of all guests visiting the location. Supports management to ensure all departments are aware of all guests&#8217; needs and information prior to arrival that will lead to a unique, memorable and personal stay.<br><b>CANDIDATE PROFILE </b><br><b>Education and Experience</b><br>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, or related professional area.<br>OR<br>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration or related major; no prior work experience required<br><b>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</b><br><b>Maintaining Concierge Goals</b><br>&#8226; Coordinates day-to-day operations, ensuring the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.<br>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish work.<br>&#8226; Supports concierge team to keep them focused on the critical components of operations to drive guest satisfaction and the desired financial results.<br>&#8226; Understands the impact of department&#8217;s operations on the overall property financial goals and objectives and manages to achieve or exceed goals.<br>&#8226; Supports the establishment of an effective database to be used by all team members for restaurant and local attractions.<br>&#8226; Establishes relationships with local attractions, restaurants and other businesses to enhance guests&#8217; experiences.<br>&#8226; Provides recommendations and arranges services for guests as requested (e.g., car rental, airline and train tickets, office services, beauty and barber services, baby sitting, repairs, shopping).<br>&#8226; Maintains awareness of cultural differences needed to meet guest's specific needs and requirements.<br>&#8226; Provides check-in and check-out services and handles reservations when needed.<br>&#8226; Maintains knowledge of rooms and their locations, services and facilities of the hotel.<br>&#8226; Ensures repeat and VIP guests are receiving appropriate service and ensures their requests are carried out.<br>&#8226; Responds to emergency situations using appropriate procedures.<br>&#8226; Maintains awareness of daily operations and events at the hotel.<br>&#8226; Maintains knowledge of daily house-count, arrivals/departures, VIPs, scheduled in-house group names, background, activities, locations, and times as well as special requests/arrangements<br>&#8226; Provides warm welcome and anticipation of guest needs throughout their stay.<br>&#8226; Encourages and building mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.<br>&#8226; Serving as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.<br>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees and ensures employees do the same within the team.<br>&#8226; Ensures concierge team effectively handles guest requests and adheres to all hotel policies, procedures and standards while striving towards total guest satisfaction.<br><b>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service </b><br>&#8226; Assists in ensuring the concierge team provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.<br>&#8226; Improves service by assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.<br>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.<br>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.<br>&#8226; Interacts with customers to obtain feedback on quality of product, service levels and overall satisfaction.<br>&#8226; Supports employees understanding of customer service expectations and parameters.<br>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.<br><b>Additional Responsibilities </b><br>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors and co-workers by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.<br>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution and solve problems.<br>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives and the peers on relevant information in a timely manner.<br>&#8226; Participates in departmental meetings and continually communicates a clear and consistent message regarding the front of house goals to produce desired results.<i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.</i><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div> <h4>About <span>Marriott International</span></h4></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Malaysia. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.monster.com.my/seeker/job-apply?id=1985799&autoApply=true" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 