---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Bellman" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-01 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Bellman position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Bellman." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Bellman position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Bellman. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Bellman 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 01, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21012985<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Stesen Sentral &amp; Jalan Travers, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>Greet and escort guests to rooms. Open doors and assist guests/visitors entering and leaving property. Inform guests of property amenities, services, and hours of operation, and local areas of interest and activities. Identify and explain room features to guests (e.g., use of room key, mini-bar, ice and vending areas, in-room safe, valet laundry services). Transport guest luggage to and from guest rooms and/or designated bell area. Assist with luggage storage and retrieval. Assist guests/visitors in and out of vehicles, including assisting guests with loading/unloading luggage. Supply guests with directions. Arrange transportation (e.g., taxi cab, shuttle bus, limousine/sedan service) for guests/visitors, and record advance transportation request as needed. Communicate parking procedures to guests/visitors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures, and report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Maintain awareness of undesirable persons on property premises. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional and maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Welcome and acknowledge all guests, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Move at a speed required to respond to work situations (e.g., run, walk, jog). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and objects weighing in excess of 75 pounds with assistance. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Bellman job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21012985?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 