---
title: "Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre Job Vacancies 2021 - Front Office Assistant / Operator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-23 
excerpt: "Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Front Office Assistant / Operator which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Front Office Assistant / Operator</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Front Office Assistant / Operator</b>. 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>&#183;Manages the guest experience by ensuring the followings are provided: -</li><li>&#183;Thoughtful and attentive service with relaxed efficiency</li><li>Complete responsiveness to the desire of the hotel guests</li><li>Quality service of the hospitality is optimised in accordance to the quality service standard</li><li>To maintain a good working relationship with your own colleagues and all other departments.</li><li>&#183;To report to duty punctually, wearing the hotel uniform with nametag intact, and maintaining a high standard of personal appearance and hygiene at all times.</li><li>&#183;Welcoming and receiving of guest arrivals, registering and maintaining the rapport with guest in a friendly and professional manner, cordially and with a pleasant smile.</li><li>&#183;Ensure all registration cards have the proper information such as; guest&#8217;s name, confirmation number, room rates, arrival and departure dates and billing instructions for guest signature.</li><li>Register guests promptly following the standard operating procedure for registration, key handling, and message handling, and ensure that they are provided with all the necessary information.</li><li>Verify assigned room status with the computer system and ensure that all rooms given to guests upon check-ins are Vacant Ready</li><li>Ensure guest details are updated in the computer immediately and accurately in order to know guest&#8217;s likes and dislikes or if there&#8217;s any special request.</li><li>&#183;Ensure all telephone calls are answered promptly and clearly in a courteous and friendly manner.&#160;All guests&#8217; requests must be well-handled and followed up with the assistance of Telephone Operator.</li><li>Have sound knowledge of all vouchers used or any other remarks pertaining to prepayment, or credit facilities in accordance to hotel policy at the Front Desk.</li><li>Inform Front Office Supervisor or Duty Manager to welcome VIP guests.</li><li>To keep the daily logbook up-to-date by recording the briefing information, follow-ups and guest comments.</li><li>To prepare and print the daily shift reports such as &#8220;Arrival/ In-House Guest&#8221;, &#8220;Back-up&#8221; and &#8220;Departure Guest&#8221;.</li><li>To fill-in the daily &#8220;Shift Check List&#8221; and complete the tasks assigned by the Duty Manager / Front Office Supervisor at the end of each individual shifts or handover for follow-up, if necessary.</li><li>Ensure that a sale attitude is adopted at all times i.e. Up-selling rooms, restaurants and services available in the hotel, and to maintain awareness.</li><li>Ensure the cleanliness and tidiness of the front desk counter including the maintenance of the equipment at all times.</li><li>&#160;Ensure guest room change is minimised and handled in a proper manner, and all relevant departments are being communicated accordingly. Proper authorisation to be obtained from the Front Office Supervisor or Duty Manager.</li><li>&#183;Be aware of all hotel activities and layouts of the hotel, as well as, knowledge of the daily Event</li><li>To handle all check-outs promptly for FIT, VIP guests and groups by ensuring all charges are settled and are in accordance with the hotel standard Credit policies.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>The centrally located Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre is ideal for either business or leisure. Strategically positioned within of the Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre as well as major shopping malls. Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre features 295 rooms and extensive conferencing facilities for up to 250 delegates. This great Kuala Lumpur hotel also boast two tempting restaurants, a bar which serves drinks until late, a well equipped fitness centre, spa and outdoor swimming pool.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/front-office-assistant-operator-4546701?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4546701" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 