---
title: " The Ritz-Carlton Residences Kuala Lumpur Jalan Sultan Ismail Job Vacancies 2021 - General Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-28 
excerpt: " The Ritz-Carlton Residences Kuala Lumpur Jalan Sultan Ismail job vacancies 2021 for General Manager position. Jawatan kosong  The Ritz-Carlton Residences Kuala Lumpur Jalan Sultan Ismail terkini untuk kekosongan General Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 The Ritz-Carlton Residences Kuala Lumpur Jalan Sultan Ismail job vacancies 2021 for General Manager position. Jawatan kosong  The Ritz-Carlton Residences Kuala Lumpur Jalan Sultan Ismail terkini untuk kekosongan General Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- General Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Feb 26, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21015640<br><b>Job Category</b> Property Leadership<br><b>Location</b> The Ritz-CarltonResKualaLumpur, Henry Butcher Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.  Box #313, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> The Ritz-Carlton<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br><div>    At more than 80 award-winning properties worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen create experiences so exceptional that long after a guest stays with us, the experience stays with them. As the premier worldwide provider of luxury experiences, we set the standard for rare and special luxury service the world over. We invite you to explore The Ritz-Carlton.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p><span>Malaysia&#8217;s first Ritz-Carlton Residences are situated in the Kuala Lumpur City Centre (KLCC) just 5 minutes away from the iconic Petronas Twin Towers. The city&#8217;s main business, shopping, entertainment and historical districts are all within walking distance of The Residences, as is the city&#8217;s only rainforest reserve. An integrated monorail line located around the corner links residents to the airport and every major destination in Kuala Lumpur. Amenities include a Sky Lobby with an outdoor garden terrace and pool, fitness centre and spa treatment rooms. Every 288 residence has its own private lift, floor-to-ceiling windows, and designer fittings and appliances, with layouts that maximise the space and views.</span></p> <p>Implements high standards for all aspects of life-safety, loss-prevention, unit owner identity, and privacy protection. Operates within the constraints of the residences budget. Provides timely reporting of financial performance and projections to the Board. Manages luxury condominium facilities and all departments working within the building, including physical plant with attention to protection of the investment and plans to increase its value through superior care. Serves as a Liaison to Association shared services Directors (e.g., Loss Prevention, Human Resources, Accounting, Housekeeping). Develops and implements property-wide strategies that deliver products and services to meet or exceed the needs and expectations of the brand&#8217;s target customer and employees and provides a return on investment. Implements training programs related to property management reinforcing constant quality service. Continuously identifies and corrects building and service defects while providing increase in value.</p> <p>Builds owner loyalty through proactive communication, setting and managing expectations and delivering solid business results. The position is actively involved in the local community and builds strong relationships with local officials, businesses, and customers. Represents The Ritz-Carlton in all leadership actions.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p><span>The ideal candidate for this role would have previous work experience in Asia Pacific, especially in South East Asia market as a General Manager, with Luxury brand and residences experiences.</span></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Business Administration, Hotel and Property Management, or related major; 6 years&#8217; experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, sales and marketing, management operations, or related professional area. Management license for Condominiums, as applicable.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Hotel and Property Management, or related major; 4 years&#8217; experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, sales and marketing, management operations, or related professional area. Management license for Condominiums, as applicable.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <strong>JOB SPECIFIC TASKS</strong> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Property Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works with Guidance team to develop an operational strategy that is aligned with the brand&#8217;s business strategy and leads its execution.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews Owner engagement survey and prepares yearly action plans comment cards, guest satisfaction results and other data to identify areas of improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Adheres to the four pillars of Operational excellence: Owner and employee engagement, financial excellence and Property Management</p> <p>&#8226; Evaluates if Operations Team is meeting service needs and provides feedback to operations team.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in public space walk-throughs with Engineering and Housekeeping to ensure public space and back of the house areas are well maintained and preventative maintenance processes are in place.</p> <p>&#8226; Tours building on a regular basis speaking with employees, owners, and Board of Directors to understand business needs and assess operational opportunities.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with team to put sustainable work processes and systems in place that support the execution of the strategy.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews reports and financial statements to determine the residential property is performing against the budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates a clear and consistent message regarding departmental goals to produce desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages luxury condominium facilities and all departments working within the building, including physical plant with attention to protection of the investment and plans to increase its value through superior care.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a Liaison to Association shared services Directors (e.g., Loss Prevention, Human Resources, Accounting, Housekeeping).</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies and corrects building and service defects while providing increase in value.</p> <p>&#8226; Implements high standards for all aspects of life safety, loss prevention, unit owner identity, and privacy protection.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains complete inventory of: Unit owners&#8217; information, parking and storage spaces, monthly Association common dues, Owners&#8217; monthly/quarterly newsletter, hotel features, services, and hotel restaurant food concepts and information.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains complete knowledge of and complies with all hotel and residence policies and procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><br> <strong>Leading Operations Teams</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Verifies employees are treated fairly and equitably.</p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes and publicly recognizes the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Fosters employee commitment to providing excellent service, participating in daily stand-up meetings and models desired service behaviors in all interactions with guests and employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops and executes the necessary decisions to keep property moving forward toward achievement of goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Implements training programs related to property management reinforcing constant quality service.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Relationships with Property Stakeholders</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Attends owners and Board meetings and provides monthly reports and financial statements to the Board of Directors.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes strong relationships with all owners and their Board of Directors to maintain a successful residential community.</p> <p>&#8226; Promotes synergy through education, communication and innovation.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Profitability</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works with direct reports to determine areas of concern and establish ways to improve the departments&#8217; financial performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Prepares and operates within the constraints of the residences&#8217; Annual budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies key drivers of business success and keeping leadership focused on the critical few to achieve results.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops and implements property-wide strategies that deliver products and services to meet or exceed the needs and expectations of the brand&#8217;s target resident owner and employees and provides a return on investment.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides timely reporting of financial performance and projections to the Board.</p> <p>&#8226; Guides the Board on appropriate property management requirements and governance compliance.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing the Owner Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Creates an atmosphere in all Residential common areas that meets or exceeds owner&#8217;s expectations.</p> <p>&#8226; Champions the brand&#8217;s service vision for product and service delivery and ensures alignment amongst the leadership teams.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies core elements of the service strategy are in place to produce the desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintaining open, collaborative relationships with direct reports and entire operations team. Ensures direct reports do the same for their team.</p> <p>&#8226; Interfaces with customers, (e.g., owners, vendors, guests) on a regular basis to obtain feedback on quality of product, service levels and overall satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Adheres to the telephone etiquette.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles owner&#8217;s complaints by following the instant pacification procedure and verifying guest satisfaction.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Facilitates the development of creative solutions to overcome obstacles and manages the implementation to continually improve guest satisfaction results.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that employees are treated fairly and equitably.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that regular, ongoing communication is happening in Operations (e.g., pre-shift briefings, staff meetings).</p> <p>&#8226; Fosters employee commitment to providing excellent service, participates in daily stand-up meetings and models desired service behaviors in all interactions with owners, their guests, and employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Incorporates owner satisfaction as a component of staff/operations meetings with an emphasis on generating innovative ways to continually improve results.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets goals and expectations for direct reports using the performance review process and holds staff accountable for successful performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback, utilizes an &#8220;open door policy&#8221; and reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that property policies are administered fairly and consistently; disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and supports the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts annual performance appraisal with direct reports according to Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Champions change, manages the implementation of brand and regional business initiatives and communicates follow-up actions to team as necessary.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this General Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21015640?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 