---
title: "Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon Job Vacancies 2021 - Server" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-15 
excerpt: "Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon job vacancies 2021 for Server position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon terkini untuk kekosongan Server." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon job vacancies 2021 for Server position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon terkini untuk kekosongan Server. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Server 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 15, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21021762<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon, No 1 Old Airport Place, Bintulu, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><br><p>Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott allows guests to travel with confidence by giving them just what they need at an exceptional value. As a member of our team you'll deliver outstanding service so travel is easy, comfortable and productive for our guests. Find Your World&#8482; at Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott.</p><br></div><div> <p><strong>Explore our very big world</strong></p> <p>We welcome you to join our global and diverse family. Whether you&#8217;re new to hospitality or a seasoned professional, you can come to us knowing that you will always be appreciated for your natural talents. Your positive energy and people-pleasing mindset are an important part of why our guests stay with us again and again.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Rewards for work, benefits for life</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;ll be supported in and out of the workplace through:</p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Team-spirited colleagues</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make&#160;</strong></p> <p>You know the finest details of our menu and can&#8217;t wait to share your expertise with our guests. When they dine with us, your warm greeting, flawless table settings, and your friendly demeanor do not go unnoticed. No matter the day, you set out to provide each guest with a dining experience that will be remembered long after their stay<em>.&#160;&#160;&#160;</em></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll be doing</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Welcome guests and promptly attend to tables</li> <li>Serve food and beverages to guests making recommendations if needed</li> <li>Share your menu knowledge to assist guests with questions and special requests</li> <li>Record transactions in the MICROS system correctly and timely</li> <li>Check-in with guests to assure satisfaction with each course and beverage</li> <li>Clean tables, complete closing duties and re-stock tableware and other supplies</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <ul> <li>Great conversational skills and teamwork-oriented</li> <li>Positive outlook and outgoing personality</li> <li>Previous serving experience is a big plus</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Connect your passions with a rewarding opportunity</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;re a food and beverage enthusiast who really enjoys making others feel at home. When you work with us, you'll get to entertain and meet people from all over the world as you build your experience. &#160;Join us and grow through opportunities to explore the business, opening yourself to various career options. No matter your path, we&#8217;ll make sure you feel right at home.</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Server job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21021762?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 