---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Chief Steward" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-16 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Chief Steward position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Chief Steward." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Chief Steward position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Chief Steward. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Chief Steward 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 16, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21035771<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3 Desaru Coast Bandar Penawar, Desaru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Manages the daily kitchen utility operations and staff. Areas of responsibilities include dish room operations, night cleaning, back dock cleaning and maintenance, banquet plating and food running. Supervises kitchen employees not actively engaged in cooking (e.g., dishwashers, kitchen helpers, etc.). Strives to continually improve guest and employee satisfaction while maintaining the operating budget.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the procurement, food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 2 years experience in the procurement, food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Day-to-Day Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Orders and manages necessary supplies. Ensuring workers have supplies, equipment, tools, and uniforms necessary to do their jobs.</p> <p>&#8226; Schedules events, programs, and activities, as well as the work of others.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors the inflow of ordered materials and the maintenance of current materials.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts china, glass and silver inventories.</p> <p>&#8226; Controls inventories of food, equipment, smallware, and liquor, and report shortages to designated personnel.</p> <p>&#8226; Inspects supplies, equipment, and work areas in order to ensure efficient service and conformance to standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Investigates reports and follows-up on employee accidents.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages all equipment, china, glass and silver (e.g., adequate clean supplies of each).</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises employees ability to follow loss prevention policies to prevent accidents and control costs.</p> <p>&#8226; Enforces proper cleaning routines for serviceware, equipment, floors, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Enforces proper use and cleaning of all dish room machinery.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all food holding and transport equipment is in working order.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with food handling and sanitation standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Kitchen Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and manages employees. Manages all day-to-day operations. Understands employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides the leadership, vision and direction to bring together and prioritize the departmental goals in a way that will be efficient and effective.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures and maintains the productivity level of employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Achieves and exceeds goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes by publicly recognizing the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates performance expectations in accordance with job descriptions for each position.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the management of department's controllable expenses to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of department's operation on the overall property financial goals and objectives.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Attends meetings and communicates with executive, peers, and subordinates as an effort to improve quality of service.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, ensures the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting </strong> <strong>Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Recruits, interviews, selects, hires, and promotes employees in the organization.</p> <p>&#8226; Trains employees in safety procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides feedback to individuals based on observation of service behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and support the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures utility staff is properly trained regarding sanitation, equipment handling and chemical usage.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in employee progressive discipline procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Chief Steward job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21035771?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 