---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Whatever Whenever Agent (Operator)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-20 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Whatever Whenever Agent (Operator) position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Whatever Whenever Agent (Operator)." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Whatever Whenever Agent (Operator) position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Whatever Whenever Agent (Operator). 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Whatever Whenever Agent (Operator) 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 18, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21021889<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Answer, record, and process all guest requests, questions, or concerns via telephone, email, chat, and mobile communication devices. Operate telephone switchboard, process guest requests for wake-up calls, and connecting and directing calls to the appropriate extension. Receive, record, and relay messages accurately. Log all guest requests or issues into computer, contact appropriate individual or department (e.g., Bellperson, Housekeeping), and follow up with guest to ensure their request has been resolved to their satisfaction. Provide information to guests about room features, property amenities, and local areas of interest. May process room service orders, answer questions on menu selection and record transactions in point-of-sale system. Assist guests with accessing internet and guestroom entertainment.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, and support team to reach common goals. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats; stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Whatever Whenever Agent (Operator) job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21021889?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 