---
title: "Front Office I Job Vacancies 2021 - AsstMg" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-01 
excerpt: "Front Office I job vacancies 2021 for AsstMg position. Jawatan kosong Front Office I terkini untuk kekosongan AsstMg." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Front Office I job vacancies 2021 for AsstMg position. Jawatan kosong Front Office I terkini untuk kekosongan AsstMg. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- AsstMg 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 30, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21068420<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Kuala Lumpur, 199 Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assists the Front Office Manager in administering front office functions and supervising staff on a daily basis. Front office areas include Bell/Door Staff, Switchboard and Guest Services/Front Desk. Position directs and works with managers and employees to carry out procedures ensuring an efficient check in and check out process. Ensures guest and employee satisfaction and maximizes the financial performance of the department.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Management of Front Desk Team </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and manages employees. Managing all day-to-day operations. Understanding employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employee recognition is taking place on all shifts.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Monitoring and Supporting Progress Toward Guest Services and Front Desk Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, ensuring the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Collaborates with the Front Office Manager on ways to continually improve departmental service.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates a clear and consistent message regarding the Front Office goals to produce desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the development and implementation of corrective action plans based on review of comment cards and guest satisfaction results.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Displays outstanding hospitality skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with customers on a regular basis to obtain feedback on quality of product, service levels and overall satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides feedback to employees based on observation of service behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest problems and complaints effectively.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Projects and Policies</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Implements the customer recognition/service program, communicating and ensuring the process.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all Front Office policies, standards and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors adherence to all credit policies and procedures to reduce bad debts and rebates.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors and co-workers by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Functions in place of the Front Office Manager in his/her absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates critical information from pre- and post-convention meetings to the Front Office staff.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in department meetings.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this AsstMg job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21068420?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 