---
title: "Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Banquets Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-03 
excerpt: "Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Banquets Manager position. Jawatan kosong Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Banquets Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Banquets Manager position. Jawatan kosong Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Banquets Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Banquets Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 02, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21029566<br><b>Job Category</b> Event Management<br><b>Location</b> Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel, Lot G-23A, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Directs and motivates team while personally assisting in providing high quality service based on requirements and standards. Monitors and controls financial and administrative responsibilities including asset protection. Provides clear and concise communications to everyone having ownership in the success of the event. Identifies training opportunities and plans a strategy to accomplish goals.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the event management, food and beverage, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Banquet Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Projects supply needs for the department, (e.g., china, glass, silver, buffet presentations, props).</p> <p>&#8226; Applies knowledge of all laws, as they relate to an event.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of Banquet operations on the overall success of an event and manages activities to maximize customer satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Adheres to and reinforces all standards, policies, and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains established sanitation levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages departmental inventories and maintains equipment.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses banquet beverage records to control liquor costs and manage the banquet beverage perpetual inventory.</p> <p>&#8226; Schedules banquet service staff to forecast and service standards, while maximizing profits.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists team in developing lasting relationships with groups to retain business and increase growth.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Participating in and Leading Banquet Teams</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Sets goals and delegates tasks to improve departmental performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts monthly department meetings with the Banquet team.</p> <p>&#8226; Applies and continually broadens knowledge of food and wine pairings and cutting edge cuisine with emphasis on current event trends.</p> <p>&#8226; Acts as a liaison to the kitchen staff.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads shifts and actively participates in the servicing of events.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring and Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees understand expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews comment cards and guest satisfaction results with employees.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Communicates and executes departmental and property emergency procedures and ensures staff are trained in safety procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and provides feedback to individuals.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors progress and leads discussion with staff each period.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the development and implementation of corrective action plans.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews quarterly Meeting Planner Survey results and participates in the development and implementation of corrective action to address service challenges; focuses on continuous improvement of guest satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends and participates in all pertinent meetings.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Banquets Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21029566?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 