---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Wedding Planner" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-31 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Wedding Planner position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Wedding Planner." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Wedding Planner position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Wedding Planner. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Wedding Planner 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 31, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21044946<br><b>Job Category</b> Event Management<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, No 6 Jalan Stesen Sentral 2, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p><span><span><span>Prepares all event documentation and coordinates with Sales, property departments and customer to ensure consistent, high level service throughout the pre-event, event and post-event phases of property events. This position primarily handles complex events.&#160; Ensures a seamless turnover from sales to service back to sales.&#160; Recognizes opportunities to maximize revenue by up-selling and offering enhancements to create outstanding events.&#160; Supports and acts on behalf of the Director of Event Management or Director of Event Planning and Operations in his/her absence.&#160; Serves as the event planner&#8217;s primary contact (following turnover) on property and is responsible for his/her experience.</span></span></span></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <ul> <li>High school diploma or GED; 3 years experience in the event management, food and beverage, or related professional area.</li> <li>Wedding planning experience.&#160;</li> <li>Able to speak and write in Mandarin.&#160;</li> </ul> <p><br> <strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p><strong>Supporting Event Services Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Delegates tasks to ensure room sets are &#8220;on time&#8221; and meet Event Service Standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages departmental inventories and assets including par levels and maintenance of equipment.</p> <p>&#8226; Projects supply needs for the department (e.g., pads, pens, candy jars, bottled water/water pitchers).</p> <p>&#8226; Manages departmental inventories and maintains equipment.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures candy rotation on all meeting room sets (if applicable).</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes consistent standards for regular meeting room sets and VIP meeting room sets.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts function room inspections prior to each function to ensure the room is set according to specifications.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains cleanliness and sanitation standards in all banquet operation areas.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates routine maintenance to ensure a quality meeting facility.</p> <p>&#8226; Acts as a liaison between Banquets, Event Planning, Event Delivery teams and the group contact throughout the event.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates the necessary departments to maintain the meeting room standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews the Diary weekly to ensure space maximization.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures function rooms are set according to event documentation (Banquet Event Orders, resumes, etc.) and customer requirements.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Makes presence known to customer at all times.</p> <p>&#8226; Stays available to solve problems and/or suggest alternatives to previous arrangements.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Sets service goals for event service supervisors and employees in order to achieve Event Planner satisfaction goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees understand expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends and participates in all pertinent meetings.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads shifts and actively participates in the servicing of events.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates and executes departmental and property emergency procedures and ensures staff are trained in safety procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts monthly department meetings with Event Service staff.</p> <p>&#8226; Schedules employees to ensure shift coverage and meet business demands and productivity goals; critiques any variances.</p> <p><span><span><span><strong><span>MANAGEMENT COMPETENCIES</span></strong></span></span></span></p> <p><span><span><strong><span><span>Leadership</span></span></strong></span></span></p> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Adaptability</span></span></strong><span><span> - Maintains performance level under pressure or when experiencing changes or challenges in the workplace.&#160; &#160;</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Communication </span></span></strong><span><span>- </span></span><span><span>Conveys information and ideas to others in a convincing and engaging manner through a variety of methods.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Problem Solving and Decision Making</span></span></strong><span><span> - </span></span><span><span>Identifies and understands issues, problems, and opportunities; obtains and compares information from different sources to draw conclusions, develop and evaluate alternatives and solutions, solve problems, and choose a course of action.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Professional Demeanor </span></span></strong><span><span>- Exhibits behavioral styles that convey confidence and command respect from others; makes a good first impression and represents the company in alignment with its values.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <p><span><span><strong><span><span>Managing Execution</span></span></strong></span></span></p> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Building and Contributing to Teams</span></span></strong><span><span> - </span></span><span><span>Actively participates as a member of a team to move the team toward the completion of goals.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Driving for Results</span></span></strong><span><span> - Sets high standards of performance for self and/or others; assumes responsibility for work objectives; initiates, focuses, and monitors the efforts of self and/or others toward the accomplishment goals; proactively takes action and goes beyond what is required.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Planning and Organizing </span></span></strong><span><span>- </span></span><span><span>Gathers information and resources required to set a plan of action for self and/or others; prioritizes and arranges work requirements to accomplish goals and ensure work is completed.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <p><span><span><strong><span><span>Building Relationships</span></span></strong></span></span></p> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Coworker Relationships</span></span></strong><span><span> - Interacts with others in a way that builds openness, trust, and confidence in the pursuit of organizational goals and lasting relationships.&#160; </span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Customer Relationships </span></span></strong><span><span>- Develops and sustains relationships based on an understanding of customer needs and actions consistent with the company&#8217;s service standards. </span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Global Mindset </span></span></strong><span><span>- </span></span><span><span>Supports employees and business partners with diverse styles, abilities, motivations, and/or cultural perspectives; utilizes differences to drive innovation, engagement and enhance business results; and ensures employees are given the opportunity to contribute to their full potential.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <p><span><span><strong><span><span>Generating Talent and Organizational Capability </span></span></strong></span></span></p> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Organizational Capability </span></span></strong><span><span>- Evaluates and adapts the structure of own assignments and suggests improvements to work processes to best fit the needs and/or support the goals of an organizational unit. </span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Talent Management </span></span></strong><span><span>- Provides support and feedback to help individuals develop and strengthen skills and abilities needed to accomplish work objectives.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <p><span><span><strong><span><span>Learning and Applying Professional Expertise</span></span></strong></span></span></p> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Applied Learning </span></span></strong><span><span>- Seeks and makes the most of learning opportunities to improve performance of self and/or others.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Business Acumen</span></span></strong><span><span> - </span></span><span><span>Understands and utilizes business information to manage everyday operations.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Technical Acumen</span></span></strong><span><span> - Understands and utilizes professional skills and knowledge in a specific functional area to conduct.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Event Planning</span></span></strong><span><span> - The ability to connect with customers, detail events, upsell products and services, manage multiple customers at a given time, be detailed orientated, understand and have a working knowledge of catering and event management systems.<strong> </strong></span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> </li> </ul> <ul> <li> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>General Event Management</span></span></strong><span><span> - The ability to have a working knowledge, understanding of polices, procedures and standards of the event management department to include, event planning, event operations and event technology for different types of events.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> </li> </ul> <ul> <li> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Banquets </span></span></strong><span><span>- Have a working knowledge of service standards, procedures and techniques for executing banquet event orders to include banquet /meeting room set up and strike, banquet design, and banquet beverage set-up and controls.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> </li> </ul> <ul> <li> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Event Services</span></span></strong><span><span> - Have a working knowledge of standards and procedures for proper meeting room and table set-ups, various meeting room and table configurations and the set-up of staging and dance flooring.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> </li> </ul> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Basic Competencies</span></span></strong><span><span> - Fundamental competencies required for accomplishing basic work activities. </span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> <ul> <li> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Basic Computer Skills</span></span></strong><span><span> - Uses basic computer hardware and software (e.g., personal computers, word processing software, Internet browsers, etc.).</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> </li> </ul> <ul> <li> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Mathematical Reasoning</span></span></strong><span><span> - Demonstrates ability to add, subtract, multiply, or divide quickly, correctly, and in a way that allows one to solve work-related issues.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> </li> </ul> <ul> <li> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Oral Comprehension</span></span></strong><span><span> - Demonstrates ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> </li> </ul> <ul> <li> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Reading Comprehension </span></span></strong><span><span>- Demonstrates understanding of written sentences and paragraphs in work-related documents.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> </li> </ul> <ul> <li> <ul> <li><span><span><span><strong><span><span>Writing </span></span></strong><span><span>- Communicates effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience.</span></span></span></span></span></li> </ul> </li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Wedding Planner job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21044946?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 