---
title: "Element Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Guest Services Agent" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-04 
excerpt: "Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Guest Services Agent position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Guest Services Agent." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Guest Services Agent position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Guest Services Agent. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Guest Services Agent 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 02, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21029985<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Element Kuala Lumpur, Ilham Tower, 8 Jalan Binjai, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Element Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Element, we believe that travelers deserve more than a place to stay. They need a place to thrive, where they can start every day fresh, focused, feeling alive. Whether they&#8217;re stopping by for a few days or settling in for a few weeks, time away from home shouldn&#8217;t mean time away from life. Our travelers recognize and appreciate our approachable, multidimensional staff, and we are energized by helping them find their own space in Element. We help our guests live life away as they do at home, no matter how long they stay. If you&#8217;re an active optimist who doesn&#8217;t second guess connecting with like-minded guests and creating a balanced space for yourself and those around you, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Element.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all guest check-ins, check-outs, room assignments, and room change/late check-out requests. Secure payment; activate/reissue room keys. Ensure rates match market codes, document exceptions. Verify/adjust billing for guests. Communicate to appropriate staff when guests are waiting for an available room. Advise guest of messages. Clear departures in computer system. Coordinate with Housekeeping to track room status and guest concerns. File guest paperwork or documentation. Operate telephone switchboard station. Run and check daily reports, contingency lists, and credit card authorization reports. Supply guests with directions and information. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, requests, questions, or concerns; follow up to ensure each has been met to guests&#8217; satisfaction. Arrange transportation for guests/visitors. Count and secure bank at beginning and end of shift. Cash-guests' checks, process all payment types, vouchers, paid-outs, charges, and provide change. Notify Loss Prevention/Security of any reports of theft.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of employees. Comply with quality assurance standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Guest Services Agent job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21029985?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 