---
title: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Duty Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-20 
excerpt: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Duty Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Duty Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Duty Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 20, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21048763<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Kuala Lumpur, 199 Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Serves as the property Manager on Duty and oversees all property operations, ensuring that the highest levels of hospitality and service are provided. Represents property management in resolving any guest related situation. Manages the flow of questions and directs guests within the lobby. Serves as Guest Relations Manager and handles the tracking of service issues.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Guest Services Teams </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and manages employees. Manages all day-to-day operations. Understands employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes and publicly recognizes the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees and ensures employees do the same within the team.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Guest Services and Front Desk Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains a strong working relationship with all departments to support property operations and goals and to expedite the resolution of any problems that may arise through the general operation of the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Intervenes in any guest/employee situation as needed to insure the integrity of the property is maintained, guest satisfaction is achieved, and employee well being is preserved.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that regular on-going communication is happening with employees to create awareness of business objectives and communicate expectations, recognizes performance, and produces desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Comprehends budgets, operating statements and payroll progress reports as needed to assist in the financial management areas of department.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, ensuring the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a leader in displaying outstanding hospitality skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and provides feedback to individuals.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides immediate assistance to guests as requested.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees understand customer service expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the development and implementation of corrective action plans to improve guest satisfaction.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Implementing Projects and Policies</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Implements the customer recognition/service program, communicating and ensuring the process.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently, disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPS) and support the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages payroll administration.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in employee progressive discipline procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses all available on the job training tools for employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback, utilizes an &#8220;open door&#8221; policy and reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises on-going training initiatives and conducts training when appropriate.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the employee performance appraisal process, providing feedback as needed.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains high visibility in public areas during peak times.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands and can implement all emergency plans including accident, death, elevator, thefts, vicious crimes, bombs, fire, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs Front Desk duties in high demand times.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Duty Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21048763?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 