---
title: "Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Front Office Agent" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-19 
excerpt: "Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Front Office Agent position. Jawatan kosong Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Front Office Agent." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Front Office Agent position. Jawatan kosong Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Front Office Agent. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Front Office Agent 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 19, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21036491<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel, Lot G-23A, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all guest check-ins by confirming reservations, assigning room, and issuing and activating room key. Process all payment types such as room charges, cash, checks, debit, or credit. Process all check-outs including resolving any late and disputed charges. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, messages, requests, questions, or concerns. Coordinate with Housekeeping to track readiness of rooms for check-in. Communicate parking procedures to guests/visitors and dispatch bell staff or valet staff as needed. Supply guests with directions and information regarding property and local areas of interest. Run daily reports (number of arrivals, departures), identify any special requests, and check reports for accuracy. Complete designated cashier and closing reports in the computer system. Cash guests' personal checks and traveler's checks. Count bank at the beginning and end of shift. Balance and drop receipts according to Accounting specifications.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Front Office Agent job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21036491?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 