---
title: "BD Job Vacancies 2021 - HR Assistant 2" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-18 
excerpt: "BD job vacancies 2021 for HR Assistant 2 position which based in Kulim. Jawatan kosong BD 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan HR Assistant 2 penempatan di Kulim" 
tags: [Kulim] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

BD job vacancies 2021 for HR Assistant 2 position which based in Kulim. Jawatan kosong BD 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan HR Assistant 2 penempatan di Kulim. 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- HR Assistant 2 
<div><div>Responsible in performing Employee Relations, Industrial Relations and support functions in HR Department.
<p></p><h1><b>Job Description
</b></h1><ul><li>Responsible in administration of employees&#8217; ID badge issuance for existing associates, uniform and personal locker maintenance &amp; distribution and day-to-day operations and issues related.
</li><li>Responsible in administration and distribution of birthday gift, hampers, vouchers and other related gifts which necessary.
</li><li>Facilitate associates engagement activities and initiatives such as SPOT award, ARG, donation collection, associates welfares, Star award, lunch with MD, back to school, sports &amp; recreations, annual dinner, family day, speak up program, birthday celebration and other related activities.
</li><li>Coordinate with the transport contractor to ensure safe and comfortable bussing / provided for all eligible associates including contract renewal, periodical audits, documentation, billing etc.
</li><li>JDE&#8217;s contact point for HR Department in handling purchasing, ordering, receiving and payment requisition.
</li><li>Coordination and administration of Joint Consultative Committee (JCC) activities related topic including yearly election, meetings, appreciation lunch/dinner etc.
</li><li>Responsible in revising related BOPs up to date such as dress code policy, laundry, visual aids, donation collection, JCC and ARG Procedures.
</li><li>Responsible for laundry activities in updating complaints from various Department and to update gate pass copy (company property in/out record).
</li><li>Prepare ID badge issuance for new hires, missing/damaged badge for existing associates and to update list of new badges to facility department for door access request.
</li><li>Responsible in the management of disciplinary, complaints and grievances procedures.
</li><li>Responsible in conducting domestic inquiries including investigation process on issues relating to dismissal, disciplinary and misconducts.
</li><li>L iaise with relevant government authorities and other industrial relations matters in compliance with Employment Act and other related employment legislation.
</li><li>Responsible in handling absenteeism related topics including preparing show cause letter &amp; termination letter on daily basis, indemnity claim &amp; case and to follow up with Supervisors on absenteeism issue.
</li><li>Assist in training coordination such as hotel arrangement, HRDF training grant application, training forms, training stationary, audit, new hire orientation etc.
</li><li>Responsible for cafeteria&#8217;s administration and daily operations including contract agreement, claims, billing, facilities &amp; equipments and other related matters.
</li><li>To lead cafeteria&#8217;s committee in handing daily monitoring &amp; complaints, weekly meetings &amp; audits and other initiatives to uplift cafeteria services.
</li><li>Responsible in preparing daily/weekly/monthly and yearly reporting such as HR dashboard, COVID-19, transportation cost to win, disciplinary tracking, warning letter tracking, insurance etc.
</li><li>To undertake special assignment and adhoc duties as and when necessary.
</li></ul><p></p><h1><b>Primary Work Location
</b></h1>MYS Kedah - Bard Kulim (Malaysia)
<p></p><h1><b>Additional Locations
</b></h1><p></p><h1><b>Work Shift</b></h1></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this HR Assistant 2 job online through Indeed Malaysia 
<a href="https://malaysia.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7940b5cdf916a92c" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 