---
title: " Chinese Kitchen Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Banquet Che" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-26 
excerpt: " Chinese Kitchen job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Banquet Che position. Jawatan kosong  Chinese Kitchen terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Banquet Che." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Chinese Kitchen job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Banquet Che position. Jawatan kosong  Chinese Kitchen terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Banquet Che. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Banquet Che 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 25, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21039448<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Courtyard Penang, 218D Jalan Macalister, George Town, Penang, PG, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Courtyard by Marriott<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    With more than 330 managed locations in more than 20 countries Courtyard by Marriott offers a refreshing environment that helps guests stay connected and balanced. Working at Courtyard, you'll ensure guests have a smooth, productive stay that meets their personal and business needs. Find Your World&#8482; at Courtyard by Marriott.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Prepare special meals or substitute items. Regulate temperature of ovens, broilers, grills, and roasters. Pull food from freezer storage to thaw in the refrigerator. Ensure proper portion, arrangement, and food garnish. Maintain food logs. Monitor the quality and quantity of food that is prepared. Communicate assistance needed during busy periods. Inform Chef of excess food items for use in daily specials. Inform Food &amp; Beverage service staff of menu specials and out of stock menu items. Ensure the quality of the food items. Prepare and cook food according to recipes, quality standards, presentation standards, and food preparation checklist. Prepare cold foods.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance needs, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Banquet Che job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21039448?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 