---
title: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Technician" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-04 
excerpt: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Technician position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Technician." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Technician position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Technician. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Technician 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jul 02, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21069426<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel, No. 2, Jalan Permas 11, Bandar Baru Permas Jaya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Renaissance Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask "why" when given an explanation.&#160; Today, you bring your personal style to every experience.&#160; You live life to discover.&#160; You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn&#8217;t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you&#8217;re in the right place.&#160; You&#8217;ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours.&#160; That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re not just looking for anyone.&#160; We&#8217;re looking for someone like you.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Fix minor plumbing problems such as unclogging drains, plunging toilets, and repairing leaky spigots and faucets. Perform miscellaneous minor repairs such as tightening loose toilet seats, changing light bulbs, and patching holes in walls. Perform preventative maintenance on tools and equipment, including cleaning and lubrication.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, and assist individuals with disabilities. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Assist with moving, lifting, carrying, and placing of objects weighing in excess of 100 pounds (e.g., A/C unit, television, dresser). Move up and down stairs, service ramps, and/or ladder. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Technician job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21069426?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 