---
title: "Stewards Job Vacancies 2021 - Superviso" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-05 
excerpt: "Stewards job vacancies 2021 for Superviso position. Jawatan kosong Stewards terkini untuk kekosongan Superviso." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Stewards job vacancies 2021 for Superviso position. Jawatan kosong Stewards terkini untuk kekosongan Superviso. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Superviso 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 05, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21030540<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3 Desaru Coast Bandar Penawar, Desaru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p> <b>POSITION SUMMARY</b> </p> <p> </p> <p>Direct and assist Stewards in order to make clean up more efficient. Ensure water temperature, and chemical levels are appropriate for cleaning and documented. Assist with Banquet plate-ups. Assist cooks and kitchen staff with various tasks as needed. Provide cooks with needed items. Support banquet and buffet by transporting and ensuring adequate stock. Return cleaned items to proper locations. Operate and maintain cleaning equipment and tools, including the dish washing machine, hand wash stations pot-scrubbing station, and trash compactor. </p> <p> </p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p> </p> <p> <b> </b> </p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</i><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Superviso job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21030540?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 