---
title: "Loss Prevention Job Vacancies 2021 - Office" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-11 
excerpt: "Loss Prevention job vacancies 2021 for Office position. Jawatan kosong Loss Prevention terkini untuk kekosongan Office." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Loss Prevention job vacancies 2021 for Office position. Jawatan kosong Loss Prevention terkini untuk kekosongan Office. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Office 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jul 11, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21073645<br><b>Job Category</b> Loss Prevention &amp; Security<br><b>Location</b> Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon, No 1 Old Airport Place, Bintulu, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott allows guests to travel with confidence by giving them just what they need at an exceptional value. As a member of our team you'll deliver outstanding service so travel is easy, comfortable and productive for our guests. Find Your World&#8482; at Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott.</p><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Patrol all areas of the property; assist guests with room access. Monitor Closed Circuit Televisions, perimeter alarm system, duress alarms, and fire life safety system. Lock property entrances when required. Conduct daily physical hazard inspections. Respond to accidents, contact EMS or administer first aid/CPR as required. Assist guests/employees during emergency situations. Notify appropriate individuals in the event of accidents, attacks, or other incidents. Defuse guest/employee disturbances. Call for outside assistance if necessary. Complete incident reports to document all Security/Loss Prevention related incidents. Handle all interruptions and complaints. Resolve safety hazard situations. Escort any unwelcome persons from the property without interrupting the orderly flow of property operation. Report to scenes of vehicle accidents/thefts. Call for assistance using proper code responses. Complete a Loss Prevention shift summary/daily activity report. Maintain confidentiality of all Security/Loss Prevention and property reports/documents; release information only to authorized individuals. Conduct investigations and gather evidence. Conduct interviews with relevant parties.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. In addition, some states may have additional licensing/registration requirements to be considered for this position. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Move at a speed required to respond to work situations (e.g., run, walk, jog). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and objects weighing in excess of 75 pounds with assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Office job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21073645?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 