---
title: "Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah Job Vacancies 2021 - Sales Coordinator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-29 
excerpt: "Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah job vacancies 2021 for Sales Coordinator position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah terkini untuk kekosongan Sales Coordinator." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah job vacancies 2021 for Sales Coordinator position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah terkini untuk kekosongan Sales Coordinator. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Sales Coordinator 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 29, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21026594<br><b>Job Category</b> Sales &amp; Marketing<br><b>Location</b> Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah, Lot PT 701 Jalan Pantai Tengah Mukim Kedawang, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Aloft Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Aloft Hotels we&#8217;re wired for next generation travelers who love open spaces, open thinking, and open expression. Aloft provides a space where style is necessary, social scenes are vibrant, and where the only direction is forward. Our guests are tech savvy and confidently social, with an eclectic style they&#8217;re not afraid to show. We understand what our guests need, so we provide an affordable option for the tech-savvy design guru. We&#8217;re looking for innovative self-expressers who aren&#8217;t afraid to draw outside the lines. If you are someone who appreciates tech-forward features and vibrant social scenes, then we invite you to explore a career with Aloft Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Perform general office duties to support Sales &amp; Marketing (e.g., filing, sending emails, typing, faxing, copying). Prepare sales-related documents throughout the sales process (e.g., proposals, contracts, or banquet event orders). Promote awareness of brand image internally and externally. Gather materials and assemble information packages (e.g., brochures, promotional materials). Use sales techniques that maximize revenue while maintaining existing guest loyalty to Marriott. Enter, retrieve, reconcile, and verify information (e.g., commissions, leads, third parties) in software involved in the sales process. Answer guest questions about property facilities/services (e.g., hours of operation, rates and room types, packages, promotions, entertainment, restaurants, special events). Serve as the point of contact for clients and communicate with them by phone and email to respond to questions and requests.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Sales Coordinator job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21026594?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 