---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Events Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-18 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Events Manager position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Events Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Events Manager position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Events Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Events Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 18, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21021890<br><b>Job Category</b> Event Management<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Responsible for preparing all event documentation and coordinates with Sales, property departments and customer to ensure consistent, high level service throughout pre-event, event and post-event phases of property events. This position primarily handles events of average complexity. Ensures their property events have a seamless turnover from sales to service back to sales. Recognizes opportunities to maximize revenue opportunities by up-selling and offering enhancements to create outstanding events.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; experienced (1 &#8211; 2 years of experience) in the event management or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; at least 1 year experience in the event management or related professional area required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Event Logistics and Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that events progress seamlessly by following established procedures, collaborating with other employees, and ensuring accuracy.</p> <p>&#8226; Greets customer during the event phase and hands-off to the Event Operations team for the execution of details.</p> <p>&#8226; Adheres to all standards, policies, and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures billing accuracy and conducts bill reviews with the clients prior to processing the final bill.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages group room blocks and meeting space for average to large-sized assigned groups.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies operational challenges associated with his/her group and determines how to best work with the property staff and customer to solve these challenges\ and/or develop alternative solutions.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses his/her judgment to integrate current trends in event management and event design.</p> <p>&#8226; Acts as liaison between field salesperson and customer throughout the event process (pre-event, event, post-event).</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in customer site inspections and assists with the sales process as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs other duties as assigned to meet business needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits feedback from the property departments to identify areas for improvement to enhance the Event Planner&#8217;s experience.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring and Providing Exceptional Customer Service </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Delivers excellent customer service throughout the customer experience and encourages the same from other employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates and communicates event details both verbally and in writing to the customer and property operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Makes presence known to customer at all times during this process.</p> <p>&#8226; Oversees his/her customer experiences from file turnover through the post event phase until turnover back to sales.</p> <p>&#8226; Follows up with customer post-event.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses personal judgment and expertise to enhance the customer experience.</p> <p>&#8226; Stays available to solve problems and/or suggest alternatives to previous arrangements.</p> <p>&#8226; Works to continually improve customer service by integrating obtained feedback and personal judgment into action plans.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures hourly employees understand expectations and parameters for event activities.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Event Management Teams</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Conducts formal pre- and post-event meetings as required to review/communicate group needs and feedback.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads formal pre-event and post-event meetings for average to large-sized assigned groups.</p> <p>&#8226; Facilitates various meetings as he/she perceives necessary (Banquet Event Order meeting, block review, etc).</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting and Coordinating with the Sales and Marketing Function</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the sales process and revenue forecasting for customer groups.</p> <p>&#8226; Up-sells products and services throughout the event process.</p> <p>&#8226; Forecasts group sleeping rooms and event revenue (catering and audio visual) for his/her groups.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Reviews comment cards and guest satisfaction results with employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and provides feedback to individuals and/or managers.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the development and implementation of corrective action plans.</p> <p>&#8226; Take initiative to use his/her experience to improve service performance according to his/her evaluation of the issue and resolution.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with the property staff and customers to address operational challenges associated with his/her group.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs other duties as assigned to meet business needs.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Events Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21021890?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 