---
title: "Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd Job Vacancies 2021 - F&B Management Trainee (Restaurant / Kitchen Operations)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-07 
excerpt: "Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the F&B Management Trainee (Restaurant / Kitchen Operations) which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>F&B Management Trainee (Restaurant / Kitchen Operations)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>F&B Management Trainee (Restaurant / Kitchen Operations)</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Management Trainee (Restaurant / Kitchen Operations)</strong><div><strong>Job Duties</strong></div><ul><li>Understand and perform multi stations of Service / Kitchen&#160; area</li><li>Duty roster planning, handle staff / customer complaints or issues</li><li>Role model to staff and train them on all staff functions</li><li>Control labour cost / inventory / wastage / cash / product yields</li><li>Perform any ad-hoc duties as required by the Chef / Manager</li><li>Maintain hygiene, sanitary &amp; cleanliness standards</li><li>Supervises preparation and positioning of people</li><li>Maintain critical standard: holding times, service speed and quality, raw and furnished product quality</li><li>Can perform all crew functions including maintenance</li><li>Follow up on procedures that support market promotions during shifts</li><li>Conduct staff interviews based on guidelines</li><li>Plan the staff roster</li><li>Responsible for staff&#8217;s payroll and store personnel files</li><li>Uses S.O.P to verify staff performance and give feedback to the management team</li><li>Enforces security and safety measures on the shifts</li></ul><strong>Job Requirements</strong><ul><li>Excellent customer service, good interpersonal and problem-solving skills</li><li>Able to manage stress and work as a team</li><li>Willing to work long hours, and on weekends / public holidays</li><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, any field.</li><li>At least 2 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executives specializing in Food/Beverage/Restaurant Service, Hotel Management/Tourism Services or equivalent.</li></ul><strong>We regret only shortlisted will be notified.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Company Profile:</strong></div><div><br>Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd is a licensed employment agency by the Ministry of Manpower since 2009. We are established with an ultimate goal to support our clients to address the countless human resource challenges in today&#8217;s competitive market. We aim to exceed customer expectations through our strategic screening of potential candidates. We take our daily experience as part of our learning curve and we are committed to educate our customers with all the knowledge we had in this industry. We are obliged to assist our candidates to fulfill their career aspirations.</div><div>We draw from our own experience as field practitioners and candidates to provide prompt, practical and quality services to our clients and candidates. Our practice is built on integrity and trust and we are committed to protect our clients' and candidates' interests and safeguard all confidential information.</div><div><strong>Our Vision:</strong></div><div>To be a recognised market leader for recruitment in all industries.</div><div><strong>Our Mission:</strong></div><div>We strive to be the preferred partner in the field of Human Resource for our valued clients and aim to build symbiotic relationships across the world.</div><div><strong>Our Values:</strong></div><ul><li>Team Work<ul><li>We believe in working hand in hand together in order to achieve more.</li></ul></li><li>Integrity &amp; Ethnics<ul><li>We shall uphold the highest level of both personal and professional ethnics, with pride and honesty.</li></ul></li><li>Responsibility<ul><li>We strive to fulfil our commitments and obligations to our valued clients and colleagues with sense of urgency and accountability.</li></ul></li><li>Care for our People<ul><li>We care for our people as they are our greatest asset and key to our success.</li></ul></li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/f-b-management-trainee-restaurant-kitchen-operations-8388903/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8388903" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 