---
title: "The St. Regis Langkawi Job Vacancies 2021 - Human Resources & Learning Development Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-12 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Human Resources & Learning Development Executive position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Human Resources & Learning Development Executive." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Human Resources & Learning Development Executive position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Human Resources & Learning Development Executive. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Human Resources & Learning Development Executive 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 12, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21033555<br><b>Job Category</b> Human Resources<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Langkawi, Jalan Pantai Beringin, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist and support management and the leadership team with handling and resolving Human Resources &amp; Learning Development issues. Assist employees with internal and external transfer requests and procedures. Monitor and assist managers/supervisors with hiring processes and issues. Coordinate and conduct applicant drug screens, reference checks, background checks, motor vehicle checks, and social security number verification. Maintain applicant flow, drug screen, orientation, and transfer request logs. Create and maintain new hire and personnel files and enter them into Human Resources Information Systems. Assist with orientation of new employees, coordination for training arrangements, monthly training hours records, and activities. Monitor all hiring and recruitment processes for compliance with all local, state, and federal laws and company policies and standards. Ensure accurate maintenance of all employee records and files (e.g., interview documents, I-9's). Support processing and maintenance of payroll records in accordance with policies and procedures, as necessary. Inform Human Resources management of issues related to employee relations within the division or property. Create and maintain filing systems. Generate Human Resources data reports as necessary Answer phone calls and record messages. Create and type office correspondence using computer. Serve as Human Resources subject matter expert and participate on project teams. Train new hires on Human Resources processes, programs, policies, information systems, etc.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Human Resources & Learning Development Executive job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21033555?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 