---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Senior Events Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-19 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Senior Events Manager position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Senior Events Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Senior Events Manager position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Senior Events Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Senior Events Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 19, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21036659<br><b>Job Category</b> Event Management<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Stesen Sentral &amp; Jalan Travers, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Directs and motivates team while personally assisting in the physical set up of the function rooms (e.g., tables, chairs, dance floors, podiums, etc.) and executing events based on requirements and standards. Develops and directs team to provide consistent, high quality service. Communicates performance expectations and trains staff in processes. Monitors and controls financial and administrative responsibilities including asset protection.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 3 years experience in the event management, food and beverage, or related professional area.</p> <p><br> <strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Event Services Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures Red Coat program is in place in accordance with Catering Event Service minimum standard.</p> <p>&#8226; Delegates tasks to ensure room sets are &#8220;on time&#8221; and meet Event Service Standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages departmental inventories and assets including par levels and maintenance of equipment.</p> <p>&#8226; Projects supply needs for the department (e.g., pads, pens, candy jars, bottled water/water pitchers).</p> <p>&#8226; Manages departmental inventories and maintains equipment.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures candy rotation on all meeting room sets (if applicable).</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes consistent standards for regular meeting room sets and VIP meeting room sets.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts function room inspections prior to each function to ensure the room is set according to specifications.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains cleanliness and sanitation standards in all banquet operation areas.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates routine maintenance to ensure a quality meeting facility.</p> <p>&#8226; Acts as a liaison between Banquets, Event Planning, Event Delivery teams and the group contact throughout the event.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates the necessary departments to maintain the meeting room standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews the Diary weekly to ensure space maximization.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures function rooms are set according to event documentation (Banquet Event Orders, resumes, etc.) and customer requirements.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Makes presence known to customer at all times.</p> <p>&#8226; Stays available to solve problems and/or suggest alternatives to previous arrangements.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Sets service goals for event service supervisors and employees in order to achieve Event Planner satisfaction goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees understand expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends and participates in all pertinent meetings.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads shifts and actively participates in the servicing of events.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates and executes departmental and property emergency procedures and ensures staff are trained in safety procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts monthly department meetings with Event Service staff.</p> <p>&#8226; Schedules employees to ensure shift coverage and meet business demands and productivity goals; critiques any variances.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Senior Events Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21036659?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 