---
title: "Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown Job Vacancies 2021 - Bartender" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-13 
excerpt: "Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown job vacancies 2021 for Bartender position. Jawatan kosong Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown terkini untuk kekosongan Bartender." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown job vacancies 2021 for Bartender position. Jawatan kosong Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown terkini untuk kekosongan Bartender. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Bartender 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 13, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21032934<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown, No 2 Jalan Balai Polis, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p>See where your journey can take you. At Marriott International, we believe in seizing opportunities and making your own adventure. A world of opportunity pulls up to your bar with every guest you meet &#8211; and you never know who might show up next. That big world also extends to our global, diverse family of associates. Like most families, we&#8217;re a group of unique individuals who bring different strengths, styles, personalities and interests to the table. And this makes every single day a new discovery. So, we ask, where will your journey take you?</p> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make&#160;</strong></p> <p>You are a bright mixologist who is always on the lookout for new beverage trends. When you are behind the bar, you create an energy that is both welcoming and exciting. You take pride in offering our guests a diverse and seasonally-inspired beverage menu, a warm conversation, and helpful suggestions. When you shine, our guests will look forward to relaxing with you after a long day.</p> <p><strong>Rewards for work, benefits for your lifestyle</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;ll be supported in and out of the workplace through:</p> <ul> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Team-spirited colleagues</li> </ul> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll do</strong></p> <ul> <li>Welcome guests</li> <li>Attend to tables</li> <li>Open and serve wine/champagne</li> <li>Prepare garnishes</li> <li>Stock ice, glassware and paper supplies</li> <li>Set up and maintain cleanliness of bar area</li> <li>Process all payment methods and complete cashier reports</li> </ul> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <ul> <li>Great storytelling skills</li> <li>Positive outlook and outgoing personality</li> <li>Previous bartending experience is a big plus.</li> </ul> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p><strong>Connect your passions with a rewarding opportunity</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;re a beverage enthusiast. And with us, you'll get to both refine and showcase your craft of creating cocktails. &#160;Join us and grow through opportunities to explore the business, opening yourself to various career options. No matter your path, we&#8217;ll make sure you feel right at home.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em></p> </div><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Bartender job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21032934?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 