---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Head Chef" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-11 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Head Chef position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Head Chef." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Head Chef position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Head Chef. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Head Chef 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 09, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21019199<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, a 311 room hotel, located close to Desaru's attractions, including SKS City Mall, the first shopping mall in Desaru as well as Desaru City Commercial Hub within walking distance; and Desaru Coast, an amalgamation of an adventure waterpark and 45-hole championship golf course just ten minutes away. The hotel feature the The Mesh Restaurant &amp; its signature Best Brew&#8482; program, which promises to offer guests craft beers with authentic flavors. It also comprises of 1650sqm of function space, 1000sqm Grand Ballroom and a 650 sqm Junior Ballroom. The hotel is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>Accountable for overall success of the daily kitchen operations. Exhibits culinary talents by personally performing tasks while leading the staff and managing all food related functions. Works to continually improve guest and employee satisfaction while maintaining the operating budget. Supervises all kitchen areas to ensure a consistent, high quality product is produced. Responsible for guiding and developing staff including direct reports. Must ensure sanitation and food standards are achieved.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the culinary, food and beverage, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Culinary Arts, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 2 years experience in the culinary, food and beverage, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Culinary Standards and Responsibilities are Met</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Prepares and cooks foods of all types, either on a regular basis or for special guests or functions.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews and adjust systems and procedures in the kitchen to ensure their effectiveness.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops, designs, or creates new menus and recipes based on standards or artistic contributions.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge of high quality food products, presentations and flavor.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with food handling and sanitation standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.</p> <p>&#8226; Follows proper handling and right temperature of all food products.</p> <p>&#8226; Knows and implements brand&#8217;s Safety Standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises kitchen shift operations and ensures compliance with all Food &amp; Beverage policies, standards and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains purchasing, receiving and food storage standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Operates and maintains all department equipment and reports malfunctions.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports procedures for food &amp; beverage portion and waste controls.</p> <p>&#8226; Develop and implement environmentally friendly processes and procedures for food preparation, energy use and waste management in the restaurant.</p> <p>&#8226; Checks the quality of raw and cooked food products to ensure that standards are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in determining how food should be presented and creates decorative food displays.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Culinary Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and coordinates activities of cooks and workers engaged in food preparation.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and manages employees. Manages all day-to-day operations. Understands employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures and maintains the productivity level of employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that menu items are prepared and presented according to use record standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees and ensures employees do the same within the team.</p> <p>&#8226; Estimates daily production needs on a weekly basis and communicates production needs to kitchen personnel daily.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads shifts while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Culinary Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Achieves and exceeds goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Comprehends budgets, operating statements and payroll progress reports as needed to assist in the financial management of department.</p> <p>&#8226; Schedules employees to business demands and tracks employee time and attendance.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of departments operation on the overall property financial goals and objectives and manages to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Orders employee uniforms according to budget and ensures uniforms are properly inventoried and maintained.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational and financial objectives are met.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, ensuring the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Helps employees receive on-going training to understand guest expectations.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resource Activities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the educational needs of others, developing formal educational or training programs or classes, and teaching or instructing others.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists as needed in the interviewing and hiring of employee team members with appropriate skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the employee performance appraisal process, providing feedback as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback, utilizes an "open door" policy and reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in training the Restaurant and Catering staff on menu items including ingredients, preparation methods and unique tastes.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends and participates in all pertinent meetings.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Head Chef job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21019199?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 