---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Reservations Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-18 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Reservations Manager position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Reservations Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Reservations Manager position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Reservations Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Reservations Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 18, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21048076<br><b>Job Category</b> Reservations<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, No 6 Jalan Stesen Sentral 2, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>Responsible for soliciting and managing of reservations sales-related opportunities. Manages and provides training and work assignments to Reservations Sales staff. Actively up-sells each business opportunity to maximize revenue opportunity. Achieves personal and team related revenue goals. Responsible for driving customer loyalty by delivering service excellence throughout each customer experience. Provides service to our customers in order to grow share of the account on behalf of the company.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; no work experience required.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Business Administration, Marketing, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 2 years experience in the sales and marketing, guest services, front desk, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p><strong>Understanding Markets &amp; Maximizing Revenue</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Identifies new reservations sales business to achieve personal and property revenue goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the overall market, including competitors&#8217; strengths and weaknesses, economic trends, supply and demand etc. and knows how to sell against them.</p> <p>&#8226; Closes the best opportunities for the property based on market conditions and property needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors same day selling procedures to maximize room revenue and control property occupancy.</p> <p>&#8226; Gains understanding of the property&#8217;s primary target customer and service expectations; serves the customer by understanding their business, business issues and concerns, to offer better business solution.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Daily Reservations Sales Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Responds to incoming reservations sales opportunities for the property that are outside parameters of the .</p> <p>&#8226; Uses negotiating skills and creative selling abilities to close on business and negotiate contracts.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses sales resources and administrative/support staff effectively.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in monitoring group reservation forecast data.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates with sales and Convention Services to process rooming lists and reservation cards.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes and supports the operational aspects of business booked (e.g., generating proposal, writing contract, customer correspondence).</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with monitoring accuracy of reservation sales orders within tracking systems.</p> <p>&#8226; Tracks no-show reservations and processes charges as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Checks daily arrivals to ensure all necessary billing instructions are applied to reservations.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages wait list and prioritizes order of wait list contacts to be made.</p> <p>&#8226; Prepares work and maintenance orders.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supports customer loyalty and property&#8217;s brand standards by delivering service excellence throughout each customer experience.</p> <p>&#8226; Services our customers in order to grow share of the account.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service consistent with the daily service basics of the brand.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes exemplary customer service to drive customer satisfaction and loyalty by assisting the customer and ensuring their satisfaction before and during their program/event.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes exemplary customer service to drive customer satisfaction and loyalty by assisting the customer and ensuring their satisfaction before and during their program/event.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves the customer by understanding their needs and recommending the appropriate features and services that best meet their needs and exceed their expectations, while building a relationship and loyalty to the company.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest complaints and disputes following the instant pacification procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Monitors reservations sales agents while on phone calls.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops, implements and maintains a departmental orientation program for employees to receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes all available on the job training tools for employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates monthly labor scheduling for team.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes applicable intranet for resources and information.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates contracts as required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Reservations Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21048076?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 