---
title: "Element Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Loss Prevention Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-12 
excerpt: "Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Loss Prevention Officer position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Loss Prevention Officer." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Loss Prevention Officer position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Loss Prevention Officer. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Loss Prevention Officer 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 12, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21046028<br><b>Job Category</b> Loss Prevention &amp; Security<br><b>Location</b> Element Kuala Lumpur, Ilham Tower, 8 Jalan Binjai, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Element Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Element, we believe that travelers deserve more than a place to stay. They need a place to thrive, where they can start every day fresh, focused, feeling alive. Whether they&#8217;re stopping by for a few days or settling in for a few weeks, time away from home shouldn&#8217;t mean time away from life. Our travelers recognize and appreciate our approachable, multidimensional staff, and we are energized by helping them find their own space in Element. We help our guests live life away as they do at home, no matter how long they stay. If you&#8217;re an active optimist who doesn&#8217;t second guess connecting with like-minded guests and creating a balanced space for yourself and those around you, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Element.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Welcome to our family</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>We welcome you to be a member of our global, diverse Marriott family. Whether traveling across the city or around the globe we realize the importance of making each guest feel as welcome and secure as possible. Your protective nature and attention to details will play an important role in our success. Here, your work is appreciated as much as your individuality and you will be supported in all of your efforts.&#160;&#160;&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Your watchful eye and protective instinct goes far beyond basic. Because of you, our guests can come and go freely without worry. Your dedication to safety provides the guest the same sense of security as they feel in their own home.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll do</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Patrol all areas of the property and assist guests with room access</li> <li>Monitor security feeds and conduct daily physical hazard inspections</li> <li>Respond to accidents and assist guests/employees during emergency situations</li> <li>Defuse guest disturbances and escort individuals from the property if necessary</li> <li>Conduct investigations, gather evidence, and facilitate interviews with relevant parties</li> <li>Complete required shift reports and maintain confidentiality of all loss prevention documents</li> </ul> <p><strong>Perks you deserve</strong></p> <p>We&#8217;ll support you in and out of the workplace by offering:</p> <ul> <li>Team-spirited coworkers</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> </ul> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Strong communication skills</li> <li>A history of thriving in stressful situations</li> <li>A team-first attitude</li> <li>A gift for paying attention to the smallest details</li> <li>Exercise good judgment and maintain a professional demeanor</li> </ul> <p>This role requires compliance with quality assurance expectations and standards. You may be required to stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and assist with moving objects weighing in excess of 75 pounds. Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>You&#8217;re welcomed here</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Our highest priority is making you feel as welcome as our guests. We want you to feel comfortable being yourself and to know you&#8217;re important to us. You&#8217;ll make an impact in your role, and for that, you&#8217;ll be appreciated and valued.</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Loss Prevention Officer job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21046028?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 