---
title: "Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - AsstChief Steward" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-22 
excerpt: "Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel job vacancies 2021 for AsstChief Steward position. Jawatan kosong Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan AsstChief Steward." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel job vacancies 2021 for AsstChief Steward position. Jawatan kosong Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan AsstChief Steward. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- AsstChief Steward 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 22, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21038149<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel, Lot G-23A, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assists in the management of the daily kitchen utility operations and staff. Areas of responsibilities include dish room operations, night cleaning, back dock cleaning and maintenance, banquet plating and food running. Strives to continually improve guest and employee satisfaction while maintaining the operating budget.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 3 years experience in the procurement, food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 1 year experience in the procurement, food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Managing Day-to-Day Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Orders and manages necessary supplies. Verifies that workers have supplies, equipment, tools, and uniforms necessary to do their jobs.</p> <p>&#8226; Schedules events, programs, and activities, as well as the work of others.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors the inflow of ordered materials and the maintenance of current materials.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts china, glass and silver inventories.</p> <p>&#8226; Controls inventories of food, equipment, smallware, and liquor, and report shortages to designated personnel.</p> <p>&#8226; Inspects supplies, equipment, and work areas in order to verify efficient service and conformance to standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Investigates reports and follows-up on employee accidents.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages all equipment, china, glass and silver (e.g., adequate clean supplies of each).</p> <p>&#8226; Follows loss prevention policies to prevent accidents and control costs.</p> <p>&#8226; Enforces proper cleaning routines for serviceware, equipment, floors, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Enforces proper use and cleaning of all dish room machinery.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies all food holding and transport equipment is in working order.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies compliance with food handling and sanitation standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Leading Kitchen Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with management of employees and management of all day-to-day operations. Understands employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies and assists with maintaining the productivity level of employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Achieves and exceeds goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes by publicly recognizing the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates performance expectations in accordance with job descriptions for each position.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the management of department's controllable expenses to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of department's operation on the overall property financial goals and objectives.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Attends meetings and communicates with executive, peers, and subordinates as an effort to improve quality of service.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, verifies that the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Managing and Conducting </strong> <strong>Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with recruiting, interviews, hiring and promoting employees in the organization.</p> <p>&#8226; Trains employees in safety procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides feedback to individuals based on observation of service behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that property policies are administered fairly and consistently.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that utility staff is properly trained regarding sanitation, equipment handling and chemical usage.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in employee progressive discipline procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this AsstChief Steward job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21038149?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 