---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Duty Technician" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-31 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Duty Technician position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Technician." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Duty Technician position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Technician. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Duty Technician 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 31, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21028887<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Stesen Sentral &amp; Jalan Travers, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Respond and attend to guest repair requests. Communicate with guests/customers to resolve maintenance issues. Perform preventive maintenance on tools and kitchen and mechanical room equipment, including cleaning and lubrication. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Carry equipment (e.g., tools, radio). Identify, locate, and operate all shut-off valves for equipment and all utility shut-offs for buildings. Maintain maintenance inventory and requisition parts and supplies as needed. Communicate each day&#8217;s activities and problems that occur to the other shifts using approved communication programs and standards. Display basic knowledge or ability to acquire knowledge in the following categories: air conditioning and refrigeration, electrical, mechanical, plumbing, pneumatic/electronic systems and controls, carpentry and finish skills, kitchen equipment, vehicles, energy conservation, and/or general building. Perform all surface preparation, painting, minor drywall and wood trim repair, light bulb and A/C filter replacement and the complete and thorough cleanup of the painting or repair area. Test, troubleshoot and perform basic repair on all types of equipment, plumbing (e.g., plunge toilets and unclog drains), electrical components including lamps, cosmetic items, extension cords, vacuum cleaners, internet devices, replace electrical switches and outlets, and other guestroom items. Program TV's and perform general housekeeping and engineering-related inventory duties. Use the Lockout/Tagout system before performing any maintenance work. Perform repairs on interior and exterior landscaping as well as external landscaping sprinklers. Display basic computer skills including inputting air handler schedules and making temperature changes.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications; and properly store flammable materials. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Adhere to quality expectations and standards. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and heavier lifting or movement tasks with assistance. Move up and down stairs, service ramps, and/or ladders. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Enter and locate work-related information using computers. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Duty Technician job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21028887?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 