---
title: "AVANI Job Vacancies 2021 - Mechanic" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-14 
excerpt: "AVANI job vacancies 2021 for Mechanic position which based in Sepang. Jawatan kosong AVANI 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Mechanic penempatan di Sepang" 
tags: [Sepang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

AVANI job vacancies 2021 for Mechanic position which based in Sepang. Jawatan kosong AVANI 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Mechanic penempatan di Sepang. 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Mechanic 
<div><div>Company Description<br>
<p>
Contemporary, relaxed and imaginative. Be it a leisurely family break or romantic escape, AVANI Hotels &amp; Resorts provides the right space for guests who value the details that matter.</p></div>
<br>
<div>Job Description<br>
<p>
You will responsible to complete activities on the preventive maintenance schedule as specified in hotel plans, to clean all work areas after finishing the tasks properly and look after all the tools supplied by the Hotel in a professional manner, and correctly maintain and deposit them after finishing the shift. We also want you to actively participate in the energy conservation programs of the Hotel and to suggest cost saving ideas as and when possible, not limited to the Engineering Department.</p></div>
<br>
<div>Qualifications<br>
<ul><li>Must have the appropriate documented training from a technical/vocational institute.</li><li>One year operating experience in a hotel engineering department.</li><li>Good civil, mechanic or plumbing knowledge.</li></ul><br>
Additional Information<br>
<p>
applicable for Malaysian Citizen only</p></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Mechanic job online through Indeed Malaysia 
<a href="https://malaysia.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f75739160e3771dc" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 