---
title: "Hotel Continental Penang Job Vacancies 2021 - Maintenance" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-08 
excerpt: "Hotel Continental Penang job vacancies 2021 for Maintenance position which based in George Town. Jawatan kosong Hotel Continental Penang 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Maintenance penempatan di George Town" 
tags: [George Town] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Hotel Continental Penang job vacancies 2021 for Maintenance position which based in George Town. Jawatan kosong Hotel Continental Penang 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Maintenance penempatan di George Town. 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Maintenance 
<div><p><b>JOB SUMMARY</b></p><p>Keep all equipment in good repair with a minimum of downtime by providing day-to-day maintenance of the hotel. And to Complete maintenance work orders from all departments on a timely basis by following hotels standard operating procedures. Continually work towards and support the improvement of maintenance service to guests, other departments and fellow staffs.</p><p><b>RESPONSIBILITY AND DUTIES</b></p><ul><li>Respond and attend to guest repair requests.</li></ul><ul><li>Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests.</li></ul><ul><li>Understand and operate advanced electrical, plumbing, refrigeration, and boiler systems.</li></ul><ul><li>Communicate with different types of people to comprehend what they want and to provide them with information and assistance.</li></ul><ul><li>Check for new maintenance requests from the Hotel System and update remarks once the task is completed.</li></ul><ul><li>Update the maintenance work order form / Job card and file them.</li></ul><ul><li>Ability to interpret readings from meters &amp; gauges and other measuring units.</li></ul><ul><li>Ability to prioritize and organize work assignments.</li></ul><ul><li>Ability to work under pressure situations and exercise good judgements.</li></ul><ul><li>Ability to focus attention on details, speed and accuracy.</li></ul><ul><li>Ability to maintain confidentiality of hotel guests and pertinent hotel information.</li></ul><ul><li>Ability to ensure security of guest room access and hotel property.</li></ul><ul><li>Ability to read and understand test equipment, measuring devices, and safety manuals.</li></ul><ul><li>Preform maintenance activities in the guest room like plunging toilets, unclogging drains, repairing all types of hardware, electrical equipment including lamps, air conditioners / HVAC and AC ducts.</li></ul><ul><li>Perform maintenance activities in hotel public areas like plunging toilets, unclogging drains, repairing all types of hardware, plumbing and electrical equipment and cosmetic items.</li></ul><ul><li>Program TV's and perform general housekeeping and engineering-related inventory duties.</li></ul><ul><li>Test, troubleshoot and perform basic repair on all types of equipment.</li></ul><ul><li>To clean, lubricate, protect, and otherwise maintain all tools and equipment in the hotel.</li></ul><ul><li>To operate as an independent mechanic by analyzing problems, identifying courses of action, and implementing solutions with available resources and to a high degree of quality.</li></ul><ul><li>To be available for any emergencies and act in an engineering capacity to protect guests and associates, and preserve the building and its systems during the emergency.</li></ul><ul><li>To monitor fire Alarm / Life Safety System systems as necessary, to be fully informed of the system operation and to handle emergencies involving the systems.</li></ul><ul><li>Read and understand blueprints, schematic drawings, and technical parts breakdown.</li></ul><ul><li>Carry out specific oral and written instructions.</li></ul><ul><li>Maintain maintenance inventory and requisition parts and supplies as needed.</li></ul><ul><li>Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets.</li></ul><ul><li>Maintains the hotel facility and related equipment in a safe and efficient manner.</li><li>Performs other duties as assigned by Maintenance Manager</li></ul><p><b>Qualifications and Skills</b></p><ul><li>To be able to work in a neat and efficient manner, keeping work areas clean and well organised.</li><li>Responsible, reliable, independent and has sense of urgency.</li></ul><ul><li>Honest, Reliable, Efficient and Professional at all times.</li></ul><ul><li>Able to carry out multitask and work independently with minimum supervision and adheres to hotel the Standard Operating Procedures.</li></ul><ul><li>Applicants must be willing to work on shifts, weekends and public holidays.</li></ul><ul><li>With skills in plumbing, air-cond servicing and trouble shooting, wiring &amp; electrical, basic carpentry is an advantage;</li></ul><ul><li>Minimum 3 years and above experience in a similar role with a good understanding of English, both written and oral.</li></ul><p>Job Type: Full-time</p><p>Salary: RM1,100.00 - RM1,500.00 per month</p><p>Schedule:</p><ul><li>Afternoon shift</li><li>Day shift</li><li>Night shift</li><li>Rotational shift</li></ul></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Maintenance job online through Indeed Malaysia 
<a href="https://malaysia.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd5c2fd9ee475f30" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 