---
title: "de King Boutique Hotel KLCC Job Vacancies 2021 - RESERVATIONS MANAGER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-04 
excerpt: "de King Boutique Hotel KLCC is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the RESERVATIONS MANAGER which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>de King Boutique Hotel KLCC is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>RESERVATIONS MANAGER</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong de King Boutique Hotel KLCC 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>RESERVATIONS MANAGER</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Responsible and for Hotel IBE, Online Travel Agent reservations and managing the Hotel&#8217;s Reservations Unit Framework ;</li><li>Responsible for direct reservation sales solicitation on behalf of the hotel through the strategic implementation of effective reservation sales activities ;</li><li>Ensure hotel reservation system generating good reservations practices and yield results ;</li><li>Responsible for yield revenue-generating, inventory management, e-commerce strategies and all activities related to reservations ;</li><li>Yielding room revenue and occupancy by effectively controlling rates and availability ;</li><li>Assist in the daily review of Hotel Rate / Occupancy / RevPar performance with a focus on improving overall performance ;</li><li>Ensure all confirmed FIT and groups are correctly entered into the PMS and relevant trace date set and followed up ;</li><li>Review reservation status, reservation pick-up and forecasting report on a daily basis ;</li><li>Ensure daily reservations are reconciled including updates, prepayment &amp; deposit records ;</li><li>Responsible for supervising general job performance and training of Reservations team by implementing policies and procedures ;</li><li>Prepares weekly forecast report and monthly report to Executive Office.</li></ul><p>Job Requirement</p><ul><li>Diploma / Degree in any discipline or SPM / STPM with relevant working experience may be considered ;</li><li>Minimum 3 years working experience in related industry preferred ;</li><li>Must be able to write and speak English and Bahasa Malaysia fluently. Mandarin speaking is a great advantage ;</li><li>Dynamic, highly motivated and a result-oriented team player with good interpersonal and analytical skills ;</li><li>Able to start work immediately ;</li><li>Applicable to Malaysian citizens only.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Everyone needs a place to unwind, lay their heads and enjoy a deserving rest. For travellers visiting Kuala Lumpur, de King Boutique Hotel KLCC is an excellent choice for you to rest and rejuvenate. Well-known for its grandeur, trendy environment and its great location / close proximity to great restaurants and attractions, de King Boutique Hotel KLCC makes it easy to enjoy the best of Kuala Lumpur. With its close proximity to the Petronas Twin Towers, de King Boutique Hotel KLCC offers a beautiful view of one of the world tallest twin towers. Every room at de King Boutique Hotel KLCC is comfortable and is fitted with a flat screen television, fully air conditioned, a comfortable working desk, and guests can stay connected with high speed WIFI connection. In addition, while staying at de King Boutique Hotel KLCC, guests have access to a 24-hour front desk services, 7- Eleven convenient store, some of the best Japanese cuisine at D-Zen Washoku located at the ground floor of the hotel.</p><p>Situated along the business district of Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, the hotel is just 3 minutes&#8217; walk to/from the Light Rail Transit (LRT) station.</p><p>Accessibility to all major attractions and shopping malls including Suria KLCC, Avenue K and Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre make de King Boutique Hotel KLCC a great place to stay when visiting Kuala Lumpur. Whether you&#8217;re travelling for business, pleasure or both, de King Boutique Hotel KLCC is sure to make your visit to Kuala Lumpur worth remembering.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/reservations-manager-4522825?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4522825" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 