---
title: "Courtyard Penang Job Vacancies 2021 - Duty Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-19 
excerpt: "Courtyard Penang job vacancies 2021 for Duty Engineer position. Jawatan kosong Courtyard Penang terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Engineer." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Courtyard Penang job vacancies 2021 for Duty Engineer position. Jawatan kosong Courtyard Penang terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Engineer. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Duty Engineer 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 19, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21036493<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> Courtyard Penang, 218D Jalan Macalister, George Town, Penang, PG, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Courtyard by Marriott<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    With more than 330 managed locations in more than 20 countries Courtyard by Marriott offers a refreshing environment that helps guests stay connected and balanced. Working at Courtyard, you'll ensure guests have a smooth, productive stay that meets their personal and business needs. Find Your World&#8482; at Courtyard by Marriott.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Respond and attend to guest repair requests. Communicate with guests/customers to resolve maintenance issues. Perform preventive maintenance on tools and equipment, including cleaning and lubrication. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Carry equipment (e.g., tools, radio). Identify, locate, and operate all shut-off valves for equipment and utility shut-offs for buildings. Maintain maintenance inventory and requisition parts and supplies as needed. Assure each day&#8217;s activities and problems that occur are communicated to the other shifts using approved communication programs and standards. Display thorough knowledge of building systems, emergency response, and building documentation including reading standard blue prints and electrical schematics concerning plumbing and HVAC. Display advanced engineering operations skills and general mechanical ability. Display professional journeyman level expertise in at least three of the following areas with basic skills in the remaining: air conditioning and refrigeration, electrical, plumbing, carpentry and finish skills, mechanical, general building management, pneumatic/electronic systems and controls, and/or energy conservation. Display solid knowledge and skill in the safe use of hand and power tools and other materials required to perform repair and maintenance tasks. Safely perform highly complex repairs of the physical property, electrical, plumbing and mechanical equipment, air conditioners, refrigeration and pool heaters - ensuring all methods, materials and practices meet company standards and Local and National codes - with little or no supervision. Perform routine inspections of the entire property, noting safety hazards, lack of illumination, down equipment (such as ice makers, fans, extractors, pumps), and take immediate corrective action. Inspect and repair all mechanical equipment including, but not limited to: appliances, HVAC, electrical and plumbing components, diagnose and repair of boilers, pumps and related components. Use the Lockout/Tagout system before performing any maintenance work. Display thorough knowledge of maintenance contracts and vendors. Display advanced knowledge of engineering computer programs related to preventative maintenance, energy management, and other systems, including devices that interact with such programs. Perform advanced troubleshooting of hotel Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing (MEP) systems. Display the ability to train and mentor other engineers (e.g., Engineers I, II, and III) as necessary and supervise work in progress and act in a supervisory role in the absence of supervisors and/or management. Display ability to perform Engineer on Duty responsibilities, including readings and rounds.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications; and properly store flammable materials. Ensure uniform and personal appearances are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Adhere to quality expectations and standards. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and heavier lifting or movement tasks with assistance. Move up and down stairs, service ramps, and/or ladders. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Duty Engineer job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21036493?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 