---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Spa Receiptionist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-05 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Spa Receiptionist position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Spa Receiptionist." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Spa Receiptionist position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Spa Receiptionist. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Spa Receiptionist 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 05, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21029463<br><b>Job Category</b> Spa<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3 Desaru Coast Bandar Penawar, Desaru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Schedule services for individuals and large groups using spa/salon reservations software system. Call guests to confirm scheduled services. Answer questions about available services. Update the reservations/cancellations list throughout the day, inform providers of last-minute changes, and resolve scheduling issues as needed by working with supervisor/manager. Check in guests for appointments, confirm first and last name, and provide general spa orientation to guests upon arrival. Promote and sell spa/salon services. Stock and maintain retail sales items and promote the sale of retail items and additional spa services. Maintain knowledge of spa services and amenities. Maintain knowledge of current trends within the spa industry. Obtain assigned bank and account for contracted monies, obtain change required for expected business level, and keep bank secure at all times. Process guest payments for spa/salon services and obtain payment authorization as needed. Accept and log cash tips for employees. Balance, scan, and drop receipts with Accounting. Communicate housekeeping, engineering and maintenance needs to the relevant departments.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Spa Receiptionist job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21029463?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 