---
title: "Yap Ah Shak House Sdn. Bhd. Job Vacancies 2021 - Associate (Front Desk)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-03 
excerpt: "Yap Ah Shak House Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Associate (Front Desk) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Yap Ah Shak House Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Associate (Front Desk)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Yap Ah Shak House Sdn. Bhd. 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Associate (Front Desk)</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>You will be the &#8220;face&#8221; of the company for all members and guests and will be responsible for the first impression we make.</p><p>The ideal candidate will have a friendly and easy going personality while also being very perceptive and disciplined. You should be able to deal with complaints and give accurate information. A customer-oriented approach is essential.</p><p>The goal is to make members and visitors feel comfortable and valued while on our premises.</p><p>You will be responsible for handling a wide range of administrative and on-site support. You will also be the primary point of contact for coordination of all technology, equipment, and other serviced office services.</p><p>You must be able to perform under pressure, while remaining flexible, proactive, resourceful and efficient, with a high level of professionalism and confidentiality.</p><p><strong>Responsibility:</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the daily opening and closing of the serviced office</li><li>Keep front desk tidy and presentable</li><li>Maintain the general upkeep of the building</li><li>Answer phones and direct all incoming calls to appropriate party promptly and efficiently</li><li>Assisting in the registration of new members and maintaining the database of existing members</li><li>Assist with members move in and move out arrangements</li><li>Conducts membership orientations and preparations on required documents and access</li><li>Receive&#160;letters, packages etc. and distribute them</li><li>Monitor office supplies and place orders when necessary</li><li>Keep updated records and files</li><li>Monitor office supplies and place orders when necessary</li><li>Work closely with maintenance team to ensure all the maintenance work are done with minimal disruption to members</li><li>Deliver timely results of scheduled tasks and coordinate with various team members</li><li>Schedule tour appointments and handle external enquiry</li><li>Events planning and execution</li><li>Assist with all sales force reporting processes including leads, intakes, connections, opportunities, and any additional assigned by supervisors</li><li>Additional duties as assigned</li></ul><p><strong>Position Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>A minimum of 1 year experience in related working environment will be a great advantage</li><li>Proven experience as front desk representative, agent or relevant position</li><li>Customer serviced orientated</li><li>Excellent knowledge of MS Office (especially Excel and Word)</li><li>Familiarity with office machines and IT related configurations (e.g. WiFi, printer etc.)</li><li>Strong communication skills, both verbal and written</li><li>Enthusiastic about learning and working in a team</li><li>Able to work independently</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>A six-storey building in the heart of KL&#8217;s heritage centre meticulously designed for luxury, comfort and exclusivity, Yap Ah Shak House is KL&#8217;s best address for business. Within this standalone structure are three floors of private office space, a 500-person events salon with roof garden above, and an Italian restaurant with espresso bar conveniently located on the ground floor.</p><p>https://www.yapahshakhouse.co/</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/associate-front-desk-4496414?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4496414" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 