---
title: " Fairfield by Marriott Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Pahang Job Vacancies 2021 - Restaurant Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-01 
excerpt: " Fairfield by Marriott Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Pahang job vacancies 2021 for Restaurant Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Fairfield by Marriott Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Pahang terkini untuk kekosongan Restaurant Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Fairfield by Marriott Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Pahang job vacancies 2021 for Restaurant Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Fairfield by Marriott Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Pahang terkini untuk kekosongan Restaurant Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Restaurant Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 01, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21011197<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang FFI, One Marriott Drive, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br><p>Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott allows guests to travel with confidence by giving them just what they need at an exceptional value. As a member of our team you'll deliver outstanding service so travel is easy, comfortable and productive for our guests. Find Your World&#8482; at Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott.</p><br></div><div> <p> <strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong> </p> <p></p> <p>Areas of responsibility include Restaurants/Bars and Room Service, if applicable. Supervises daily restaurant operations and assists with menu planning, maintains sanitation standards and assists servers and hosts on the floor during peak meal periods. Strives to continually improve guest and employee satisfaction and maximize the financial performance in areas of responsibility. Determines training needed to accomplish goals, then implements plan. </p> <p></p> <p> <strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong> </p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Education and Experience</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Food Service Management, Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 2 years experience in the food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong> </p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Managing Day-to-Day Operations</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and manages employees. Manages all day-to-day operations. Understands employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains service and sanitation standards in restaurant, bar/lounge and room service areas.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational needs and financial objectives are met.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Leading Food and Beverage Team</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the developmental needs of others and coaches, mentors, or otherwise helps others to improve their knowledge or skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures and maintains the productivity level of employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides the leadership, vision and direction to bring together and prioritize the departmental goals in a way that will be efficient and effective.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all food &amp; beverage policies, standards and procedures by training, supervising, follow-up and hands on management.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with food handling and sanitation standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures staff understands local, state and Federal liquor laws.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees and ensures employees do the same within the team.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes guidelines so employees understand expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors alcohol beverage service in compliance with local laws.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, ensures the quality, standards and meets the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Displays leadership in guest hospitality, exemplifies excellent customer service and creates a positive atmosphere for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Acts as the guest service role model for the restaurants, sets a good example of excellent customer service and creates a positive atmosphere for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Meets with guests on an informal basis during meals or upon departure to obtain feedback on quality of food and beverage, service levels and overall satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures corrective action is taken to continuously improve service results.</p> <p>&#8226; Incorporates guest satisfaction as a component of departmental meetings with a focus on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages service delivery in outlets to ensure excellent service from point of entry to departure (e.g., greeting from hostess, speed of order taking and food and beverage delivery, fulfillment of special requests, collection of payment &amp; invitation to return).</p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Managing and Conducting </strong> <strong>Human Resource Activities</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; Provides guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the educational needs of others, develops formal educational or training programs or classes, and teaches or instructs others.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are treated fairly and equitably. Strives to improve employee retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees receive on-going training to understand guest expectations.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback, utilizes an "open door" policy and reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures recognition is taking place across areas of responsibility.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Additional Responsibilities</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists servers and hosts on the floor during meal periods and high demand times.</p> <p>&#8226; Recognizes good quality products and presentations.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises daily shift operations in absence of Assistant Restaurant Manager.</p> <p>&#8226; Oversees the financial aspects of the department including purchasing and payment of invoices.</p> <p></p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Restaurant Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21011197?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 