---
title: "Front Desk Job Vacancies 2021 - Agen" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-04 
excerpt: "Front Desk job vacancies 2021 for Agen position. Jawatan kosong Front Desk terkini untuk kekosongan Agen." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Front Desk job vacancies 2021 for Agen position. Jawatan kosong Front Desk terkini untuk kekosongan Agen. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Agen 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 31, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21028948<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel, No. 2  Jalan Permas Bandar Baru Permas jaya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Renaissance Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask "why" when given an explanation.&#160; Today, you bring your personal style to every experience.&#160; You live life to discover.&#160; You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn&#8217;t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you&#8217;re in the right place.&#160; You&#8217;ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours.&#160; That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re not just looking for anyone.&#160; We&#8217;re looking for someone like you.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all guest check-ins by confirming reservations, assigning room, and issuing and activating room key. Process all payment types such as room charges, cash, checks, debit, or credit. Process all check-outs including resolving any late and disputed charges. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, messages, requests, questions, or concerns. Coordinate with Housekeeping to track readiness of rooms for check-in. Communicate parking procedures to guests/visitors and dispatch bell staff or valet staff as needed. Supply guests with directions and information regarding property and local areas of interest. Run daily reports (number of arrivals, departures), identify any special requests, and check reports for accuracy. Complete designated cashier and closing reports in the computer system. Cash guests' personal checks and traveler's checks. Count bank at the beginning and end of shift. Balance and drop receipts according to Accounting specifications.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Agen job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21028948?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 