---
title: "ibis Styles Johor Iskandar Puteri Job Vacancies 2021 - Front Office Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-19 
excerpt: "ibis Styles Johor Iskandar Puteri is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Front Office Supervisor which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ibis Styles Johor Iskandar Puteri is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Front Office Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong ibis Styles Johor Iskandar Puteri 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Front Office Supervisor</b>. 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Professional Degree in Hotel Management, or equivalent.</li><li>Required languages: English, Bahasa Malaysia, and Mandarin is an added advantage.</li><li>At least 2<strong>&#160;Years</strong>&#160;of working experience in a similar role.</li><li>Preferably Manager specialized in Hotel Management/Tourism Services or equivalent.</li><li>Pre-opening hotel experience is an added advantage.</li></ul><p><strong>Personality and Skills</strong></p><ul><li>Confident communication and interpersonal skills to lead, influence and encourage others.</li><li>Multicultural awareness and able to work with people from diverse cultures.</li><li>Flexible and able to embrace and respond to change effectively and calmly.</li><li>Ability to work independently and has good initiative in a fast paced environment.</li><li>Self-motivated and energetic.</li><li>Fosters teamwork and makes effective decisions.</li><li>Demonstrates honesty and integrity.</li><li>Strategic thinker with good problem solving skills.</li><li>Familiar in using a recognized Property Management System (PMS).&#160;</li><li>Knowledgeable in Microsoft Office.</li></ul><p><strong>Mission / Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Conduct daily briefings and ensure that all pertinent information is well received by team members</li><li>Manage and supervise all tasks of his/her staff to ensure that highest quality service is delivered and department standards are met</li><li>Review, analyze and suggest improvement of work flow and standards at the Front Desk</li><li>Analyze rate variance report to ensure rooms revenue control, approve discounts and rebates</li><li>Communicate with Front Office Manager on all matters regarding guest services &amp; hotel operations</li><li>Ensure documentation of all guest related issues using the logbook</li><li>Sign media and supervise shift handover procedures</li><li>Coordinate and communicate with other hotel departments as required regarding general administration and operations issues</li><li>Provide management presence at all times by assisting with the handling of guests&#8217; needs and complaints tactfully and efficiently</li><li>Assist Guest Relations in greeting, rooming, and sending off guests</li><li>Inspect front of house and back of house regularly for cleanliness and orderliness</li><li>Ensure that front line staff complies with marketing techniques and maximizes sales</li><li>Check billing instructions, monitor guest credit and act upon any discrepancies</li><li>Coordinate full house situations and makes all necessary arrangements to handle overbooking and pledge relocates</li><li>Ensure procedures of On-Call Valet Desks and driveways are manned at all times and run efficiently</li><li>Ensures the Safety, Security and Loss Control policies and procedures are compiled with at the lobby and driveway. Handle and manage hotel emergencies.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>ibis Styles Johor Iskandar Puteri, a trendy, vibrant premium economy hotel with creative and playful designs managed by Accor is opening soon in the 1st quarter of 2021. Located within Johor&#8217;s new administrative capital, Iskandar Puteri, less than half an hour drive from Johor Bahru city center as well as Singapore.</div>
<div>With close proximity to Legoland Malaysia, Puteri Harbour, EduCity&#8482; and surrounded by the SiLC green business park, makes it perfect for both business and leisure travelers.</div>
<div>Featuring 152 stylish rooms inspired by a cocoa design theme throughout the hotel, facilities include complimentary high-speed Wi-Fi, gym, restaurant, a caf&#233; deli bar, and 4 function rooms that are bursting with energy, and colorful d&#233;cor will create a truly unique <strong>FEEL WELCOME</strong> guest experience.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/front-office-supervisor-4570052?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4570052" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 