---
title: "Le Méridien Putrajaya Job Vacancies 2021 - Systems Analyst" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-14 
excerpt: "Le Méridien Putrajaya job vacancies 2021 for Systems Analyst position. Jawatan kosong Le Méridien Putrajaya terkini untuk kekosongan Systems Analyst." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Le Méridien Putrajaya job vacancies 2021 for Systems Analyst position. Jawatan kosong Le Méridien Putrajaya terkini untuk kekosongan Systems Analyst. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Systems Analyst 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 14, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21034691<br><b>Job Category</b> Information Technology<br><b>Location</b> Le M&#233;ridien Putrajaya, Lebuh IRC, Putrajaya, Selangor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Le M&#233;ridien<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Le M&#233;ridien, we believe in helping guests unlock the unexpected and engaging experiences each destination has to offer. Our guests are curious and creative, cosmopolitan, culture seekers that appreciate sophisticated, timeless service. We provide original, chic and memorable service and experiences that inspire guests to unlock the destination. We&#8217;re looking for curious, creative and well-informed people to join our team. If you appreciate connecting with like-minded guests and have a deep desire to create unexpected experiences, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Le M&#233;ridien.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Install, configure, manage, maintain, test, evaluate, and repair computer networks, workstations, support server system(s), supporting hardware/software, user accounts, and computer/telephone rooms. Train/instruct users in proper use and security of all systems. Troubleshoot/repair/resolve technical problems/issues related to computer hardware/software/LAN and WAN/internet. Respond to program error messages. Provide network communications support and technical guidance. Refer major problems to vendors/technicians. Analyze, recommend, and implement process improvements. Consult with others to assess/analyze/resolve computing needs and system requirements. Inspect, test, and diagnose computer equipment/systems. Plan and coordinate information technology-related equipment installations, moves, additions, changes, and system enhancements. Plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures. Provide end-user support for all applications. Plan and manage disk space for entire network. Maintain accurate inventory of all technological devices. Enter commands and activate controls on computers and equipment. Ensure backup tapes are locked in a fireproof safe.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Address guests&#8217; service needs; assist other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Serve as role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/Open Door Policy process. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations/standards; identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds. Stand, sit, or walk for extended periods of time. Enter and locate information using computers/ Point of Sale (POS) systems. Move up and down stairs/ramps. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Systems Analyst job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21034691?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 