---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Welcome Desk Coach" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-30 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Welcome Desk Coach position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Welcome Desk Coach." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Welcome Desk Coach position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Welcome Desk Coach. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Welcome Desk Coach 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 30, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21028240<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist staff with expediting problem payments (e.g., problems processing credit card). Follow up with guest regarding satisfaction with guest-related issues. Process all guest check-ins by confirming reservations, assigning room, and issuing and activating room key. Process all payment types such as room charges, cash, checks, debit, or credit. Set up accurate accounts for each guest upon check-in (i.e., sharewiths, separate room/tax/incidentals, comp). Anticipate sold-out situations and obtain satisfactory alternative accommodations when the property cannot accommodate guests with reservations. Block rooms in the computer and identify designated requirements and requests. Contact appropriate individual or department (e.g., Bellperson, Housekeeping) as necessary to resolve guest call, request, or problem. Coordinate with Housekeeping to track readiness of rooms for check-in. Review shift logs/daily memo books and document pertinent information in logbooks. Count bank at the beginning and end of shift. Balance and drop receipts according to Accounting specifications.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/Open Door Policy process. Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Welcome Desk Coach job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21028240?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 