---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Learning & Development Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-08 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Learning & Development Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Learning & Development Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Learning & Development Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Learning & Development Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Learning & Development Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21029783<br><b>Job Category</b> Human Resources<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Hotel Description</strong></p> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>As a member of the property Human Resources support staff, he/she works with Human Resources employees to carry out the daily activities of the Human Resource Office including oversight of recruitment, total compensation, and training and development. Additionally, he/she focuses on delivering HR services that meet or exceed the needs of employees and enable business success; as well as ensures compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and operating procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 3 years experience in the human resources, management operations, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Human Resources, Business Administration, or related major; 1 year experience in the human resources, management operations, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Recruitment and Hiring Process</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the interviewing and hiring of Human Resource employee team members with the appropriate skills, as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains contact with external recruitment sources.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends job fairs and ensures documentation of outreach efforts in accordance with Human Resource Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Networks with local organizations (e.g., Hotel Association and peers) to source candidates for current or future openings.</p> <p>&#8226; Oversees/monitors candidate identification and selection process.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides subject matter expertise to property managers regarding selection procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Partners with vendor partners to ensure effective advertisement efforts are being utilized for open positions in appropriate venues to attract a diverse candidate pool.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs quality control on candidate identification/selection.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Administering and Educating Employee Benefits</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works with the unemployment services provider to respond to unemployment claims; reviews provider reports for accuracy and corrects errors.</p> <p>&#8226; Prepares, audits and distributes unemployment claim activity reports to property management.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends unemployment hearings and ensures property is properly represented.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that department has the available resources on hand to administer employee.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Employee Development</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supports a departmental orientation program for employees to receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are cross-trained to support successful daily operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses all available on the job training tools for employees; supervise on-going training initiatives and conducts training, when appropriate.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures coordination and facilitation of new hire orientation program to generate a positive first impression for employees and emphasize the importance of guest service in company culture.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures attendance by all new hires and participation of the leadership team in training programs</p> <p>&#8226; Collaborates with management team to ensure departmental orientation processes are in place and employees receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Employee Relations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists in maintaining effective employee communication channels in the property (e.g., develops daily communications and assists with regularly scheduled property-wide meetings).</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews progressive discipline documentation for accuracy and consistency, and checks for supportive documentation and is accountable for determining appropriate action.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes an &#8220;open door&#8221; policy to acknowledge employee problems or concerns in a timely manner</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employee issues are referred to the Department Manager for resolution or escalated to the Director of Human Resources/Multi-Property Director of Human Resources.</p> <p>&#8226; Partners with Loss Prevention to conduct employee accident investigations, as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates performance expectations in accordance with job descriptions for each position.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Legal and Compliance Practices</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employee files contain required employment paperwork, proper performance management and compensation documentation, are properly maintained and secured for the required length of time.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with procedure for accessing, reviewing, and auditing employee files and ensure compliance with the Privacy Act.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures medical records are maintained in a separate, secure and confidential medical file.</p> <p>&#8226; Facilitates random, reasonable belief and post accident drug testing process (in properties where applicable).</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates property rules and regulations via the employee handbook.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all safety and security policies (e.g., property removal, lost and found items, blood borne pathogens, accident reporting, and hygiene) are communicated to employees on a regular basis through orientation, property meetings, bulletin boards, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts periodic claims reviews with Regional Claims office to ensure claims are closed in a timely manner and reserve levels are appropriate for open claims.</p> <p>&#8226; Represents Human Resources at the property Safety Committee; helps to identify ways to create awareness of the importance of safety in the workplace and decrease accident frequency and severity.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages Workers Compensation claims to ensure appropriate employee care and manage costs.</p> <p>&#8226; Oversees the selection/non-selection and offers processes to ensure proper procedures are followed (e.g., valid reasons for selection/non-selection and applicants receive status notifications).</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Learning & Development Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21029783?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 