---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Junior Sous Chef" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-02 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Junior Sous Chef position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Junior Sous Chef." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Junior Sous Chef position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Junior Sous Chef. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Junior Sous Chef 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 01, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21054217<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Entry level management position that focuses on successfully accomplishing the daily objectives in the kitchen. Assists in leading staff while personally assisting in all areas of the kitchen, including food production; purchasing and kitchen sanitation. Position contributes to ensuring guest and employee satisfaction while maintaining the operating budget.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the culinary, food and beverage, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Culinary Arts, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 2 years experience in the culinary, food and beverage, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Culinary Standards and Responsibilities are Met</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Maintains food handling and sanitation standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs all duties of Culinary and related kitchen area employees in high demand times.</p> <p>&#8226; Oversees production and preparation of culinary items.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees keep their work areas clean and sanitary.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with Restaurant and Banquet departments to coordinate service and timing of events and meals.</p> <p>&#8226; Complies with loss prevention policies and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates areas in need of attention to staff and follows up to ensure follow through.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads shifts while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.</p> <p>&#8226; Prepares and cooks foods of all types, either on a regular basis or for special guests or functions.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and coordinates activities of cooks and workers engaged in food preparation.</p> <p>&#8226; Checks the quality of raw and cooked food products to ensure that standards are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in determining how food should be presented and creates decorative food displays.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Culinary Team Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supervises daily shift operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all employees have proper supplies, equipment and uniforms.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational needs and financial objectives are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures completion of assigned duties.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the employee performance appraisal process, giving feedback as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles employee questions and concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates performance expectations in accordance with job descriptions for each position.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in an on-going employee recognition program.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts training when appropriate.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors employee's progress towards meeting performance expectations.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Culinary Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Participates in department meetings and continually communicates a clear and consistent message regarding the departmental goals to produce desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports and assists with new menus, concepts and promotions for the Restaurant outlets and Banquets.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest problems and complaints seeking assistance from supervisor as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service within guidelines.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Reports malfunctions in department equipment.</p> <p>&#8226; Purchases appropriate supplies and manages food and supply inventories according to budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends and participates in all pertinent meetings.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Junior Sous Chef job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21054217?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 