---
title: "Indah Putrajaya Sdn Bhd Job Vacancies 2021 - Housekeeping Associates" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-13 
excerpt: "Indah Putrajaya Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Housekeeping Associates which positioned at Putrajaya" 
tags: [Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Indah Putrajaya Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Housekeeping Associates</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Indah Putrajaya Sdn Bhd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Housekeeping Associates</b>. 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Secondary School/SPM/"O" Level, Professional Certificate, Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma&#160;in any field.</li><li>Must have credit in English and Mathematics in SPM</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English</li><li>At least 1&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Hygiene, Hardworking, Fast, Punctual, Multi-tasking</li><li>Willing to work for rotational shifts basis</li><li>Preferably Non-Executive specialized in General Work (Housekeeper, Coordinator, Driver, Dispatch, etc) or equivalent.</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Perform daily housekeeping functions and tasks as assigned and follow established safety precautions and infection control procedures.</li><li>Ensure that work/cleaning schedules are followed as closely as practical.</li><li>Coordinate daily housekeeping services with nursing services when performing routine cleaning assignments in resident living and/or recreational areas.</li><li>Ensure that assigned work areas are maintained in a clean, safe, comfortable, and attractive manner.</li><li>Inspect vacated rooms, corridors, service rooms or halls, stairs, public lavatories, lobbies, lounges and vending areas for cleanliness/order.</li><li>Report damages, losses and supply shortages to supervisor.</li><li>Receive any complaints and report to appropriate individuals for necessary action or adjustment.</li><li>Prepare/maintain necessary records/accounts.</li><li>Handle Guest concerns and react quickly, logging and notifying the proper areas.</li><li>Actively participate in daily briefing, daily warm up and department meetings.</li><li>Follow all safety and sanitation policies.</li><li>Dispose of personal protective equipment in accordance with our established sanitation procedures.</li><li>Ensure that an adequate supply of housekeeping supplies to perform daily tasks is maintained in utility/janitorial closets.</li><li>Perform other related duties, as assigned.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Located in the heart of Putrajaya, The Everly Hotel,Putrajaya is a 4 star-hotel with 380 guests rooms, a ballroom, eight meeting rooms, a restaurant, a cafe lounge, a swimming pool, an executive lounge and an air crew lounge. The hotel is managed by the Everly Group.</p><p>The hotel was officially opened in April 2013 and attracts steady enquiries for business from both the government and private sectors. With Putrajaya being the hub/host for certain large scale events in Malaysia, there has been constant flux of visitors all year long.</p><p>In terms of recruitment, the Company seeks to develop people at all levels, both professionally and personally. In a world that is constantly changing, we are implementing best practices to find better ways of doing our jobs and carrying out our responsibilities in order to deliver better value for our stakeholders.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/housekeeping-associates-4536551?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4536551" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 