---
title: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa Job Vacancies 2021 - Guest Service Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-21 
excerpt: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Guest Service Manager position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Guest Service Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Guest Service Manager position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Guest Service Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Guest Service Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 21, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21037761<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Miri Marriott Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Temenggong Datuk Oyong Lawai, Miri, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all guest check-ins, verifying guest identity, form of payment, assigning room, and activating/issuing room key. Set up accurate accounts for each guest according to their requirements. Enter Marriott Rewards information. Ensure rates match market codes, document exceptions. Secure payment prior to issuing room key, verify/adjust billing. Compile and review daily reports/logs/contingency lists. Complete cashier and closing reports. Supply guests with directions and property information. Accommodate guest requests, contacting appropriate staff if necessary. Follow up to ensure requests have been met. Process all payment types, vouchers, paid-outs, and charges. Balance and drop receipts. Count and secure bank at beginning and end of shift. Obtain manual authorizations and follow all Accounting procedures. Notify Loss Prevention/Security of any guest reports of theft.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in training, evaluating, counseling, motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/Open Door Policy process. Develop/maintain positive working relationships; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to employee concerns. Follow company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications; ensure personal appearance is clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge guests; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Ensure adherence to quality standards. Enter and locate information using computers/POS systems. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Guest Service Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21037761?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 