---
title: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa Job Vacancies 2021 - Sales Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-05 
excerpt: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Sales Manager position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Sales Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Sales Manager position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Sales Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Sales Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 05, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21018350<br><b>Job Category</b> Sales &amp; Marketing<br><b>Location</b> Miri Marriott Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Temenggong Datuk Oyong Lawai, Miri, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Promote awareness of brand image internally and externally. Ensure that any outstanding requests or problems from the previous day receive priority and are resolved. Receive, record, and relay messages accurately, completely, and legibly. Follow up with guests to ensure their requests or problems have been met to their satisfaction. Attend daily line-ups promptly. Open door and greet guests as they arrive in the lobby, as assigned.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/Open Door Policy process. Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Sales Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21018350?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 