---
title: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral Job Vacancies 2021 - EAM" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-12 
excerpt: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for EAM position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan EAM." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for EAM position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan EAM. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- EAM 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 09, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21058120<br><b>Job Category</b> Property Leadership<br><b>Location</b> Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral, No. 5 Jalan Stesen Sentral, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Aloft Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Aloft Hotels we&#8217;re wired for next generation travelers who love open spaces, open thinking, and open expression. Aloft provides a space where style is necessary, social scenes are vibrant, and where the only direction is forward. Our guests are tech savvy and confidently social, with an eclectic style they&#8217;re not afraid to show. We understand what our guests need, so we provide an affordable option for the tech-savvy design guru. We&#8217;re looking for innovative self-expressers who aren&#8217;t afraid to draw outside the lines. If you are someone who appreciates tech-forward features and vibrant social scenes, then we invite you to explore a career with Aloft Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Functions as the strategic business leader of property operations and acts as General Manager in his/her absence. Areas of responsibility include Front Office, , Retail/Gift Shops, Recreation/Fitness Center, Housekeeping, Security/Loss Prevention, Engineering/Maintenance, Food and Beverage/Culinary and Event Management, where applicable. Position works with direct reports (Executive Committee members and department heads) to develop and implement the operations strategy and ensuring implementation of the brand service strategy and brand initiatives. The position ensuring operations meet the brand&#8217;s target customer needs, ensuring employee satisfaction, focuses on growing revenues and maximizes financial performance. As a member of the Executive Committee, develops and implements property-wide strategies that deliver products and services to meet or exceed the needs and expectations of the brand&#8217;s target customer and property employees and provides a return on investment.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Business Administration, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 8 years&#8217; experience in the management operations, sales and marketing, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 6 years&#8217; experience in the management operations, sales and marketing, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Profitability and Departmental Budgets</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Keeps operations team focused on the critical components of operations to drive guest satisfaction and the desired financial results.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that all operational areas have an atmosphere that is conducive to the overall guest experience.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews financial reports and statements to determine how Operations is performing against budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures capital expenditure funds are being used to address the priorities outlined in the service strategy.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with direct reports to determine areas of concern and establishing ways to improve the departments&#8217; financial performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to maintain profit margins without compromising guest or employee satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies and analyzes operational challenges and facilitates the development of solutions to prevent reoccurrence.</p> <p>&#8226; Coaches and supports operations team to effectively manage occupancy &amp; rate, wages and controllable expenses.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews the Wage Progress Report and compares budgeted wages to actual wages, coaching direct reports to address problem areas and holds team accountable for results.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops an operational strategy that is aligned with the brand&#8217;s business strategy and leads its execution.</p> <p>&#8226; Makes and executes key decisions to keep property moving forward towards achievement of goals.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Property Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates a clear and consistent message regarding operational goals to produce desired results on a continuous basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures brand and regional business initiatives are implemented and communicates follow-up actions to team as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures core elements of the service strategy are in place to produce the desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Tours building on a regular basis speaking with employees and guests to understand business needs and assess operational opportunities.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Property Operations Teams</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Establishes a vision for product and service delivery on property.</p> <p>&#8226; Champions the brand&#8217;s service vision for product and service delivery and ensuring alignment amongst the property leadership team.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are treated fairly and equitably.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and providing feedback to individuals and/or managers.</p> <p>&#8226; Hires operations management team members who demonstrate strong functional expertise, creativity and entrepreneurial leadership to meet the business needs of the operation.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts annual performance appraisals with direct reports according to Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes an &#8220;open door&#8221; policy and reviewing employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Stays knowledgeable of leadership talent in the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Fosters employee commitment to providing excellent service, participating in daily stand-up meetings and models desired service behaviors in all interactions with guests and employees.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this EAM job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21058120?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 