---
title: "Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon Job Vacancies 2021 - Guest Service Representative" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-20 
excerpt: "Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon job vacancies 2021 for Guest Service Representative position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon terkini untuk kekosongan Guest Service Representative." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon job vacancies 2021 for Guest Service Representative position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon terkini untuk kekosongan Guest Service Representative. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Guest Service Representative 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 20, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21049500<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon, No 1 Old Airport Place, Bintulu, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott allows guests to travel with confidence by giving them just what they need at an exceptional value. As a member of our team you'll deliver outstanding service so travel is easy, comfortable and productive for our guests. Find Your World&#8482; at Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott.</p><br></div><div> <p><strong>Welcome to our family</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>As a world-class leader in the travel industry, there&#8217;s no better place to make your mark. If you have the natural ability to communicate and enjoy working with others, we welcome you to join our global family. Here, you will find a place where your personality and ideas are as appreciated as the work you do. Each day will open your mind to a world of possibilities, growth opportunities and the chance to meet people from all corners of the globe.</p> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>No matter whether a guest arrives weary from their travels or excited for a vacation, you know what to do to make them feel at home. They will appreciate the pristine lobby, your warm welcome, and your efficiency in getting them checked in and pointed in the right direction. When they know you genuinely care about the quality of their stay, you are operating at a level of excellence.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll do</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Organize, confirm and process guest check-ins/ check-outs and adapt for any changes</li> <li>Secure payment, verifying and adjusting billing as needed</li> <li>Provide guests with room and hotel information, directions, amenities and local interests</li> <li>Run daily reports, reviewing to see what needs to be communicated to the next shift&#8217;s staff</li> <li>Complete cashier and closing reports, counting the bank at the end of each shift securely</li> <li>Accept and record wake-up calls, delivering to the right department</li> <li>Communicate any emergency, lost item or theft to proper security staff and/or authorities</li> <li>Keep contingency lists in case of emergency and communicate any necessary messages</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Perks you deserve</strong></p> <p>We&#8217;ll support you in and out of the workplace by offering:</p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Team-spirited coworkers</li> <li>Encouraging leadership</li> <li>Support to live a life of wellbeing and happiness</li> <li>Opportunities to serve and give back to the community</li> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>A warm, people-oriented demeanor</li> <li>A team-first attitude</li> <li>A gift for paying attention to the smallest details</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires compliance with quality assurance expectations and standards. You may be required to stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>You&#8217;re welcomed here</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Our highest priority is making you feel as welcome as our guests. We want you to feel comfortable being yourself and to know you&#8217;re important to us. You&#8217;ll make an impact in your role, and for that, you&#8217;ll be appreciated and valued.</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Guest Service Representative job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21049500?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 