---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Public Area Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-01 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Public Area Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Public Area Supervisor." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Public Area Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Public Area Supervisor. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Public Area Supervisor 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 01, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21041098<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Inspect guest rooms, public areas, pool, etc. after being cleaned by Housekeeper to ensure quality standards. Run sold room reports, verify room status, determine discrepant rooms, prioritize room cleaning, and update status of departing guest rooms. Assist Housekeeping management in managing daily activities. Act as a liaison to coordinate the efforts of Housekeeping, Engineering, Front Office, and Laundry. Document and resolve issues with discrepant rooms with the Front Desk. Prepare, distribute, and communicate changes in room assignments. Communicate issues to next shift. Complete required paperwork.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 55 pounds without assistance and in excess of 55 pounds with assistance. Ability to push and pull a loaded housekeeping cart and other work-related machinery over sloping and uneven surfaces. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Stand, sit, kneel, or walk for an extended period across an entire work shift. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Public Area Supervisor job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21041098?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 