---
title: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Navigator Concierge" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-02 
excerpt: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Navigator Concierge position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Navigator Concierge." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Navigator Concierge position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Navigator Concierge. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Navigator Concierge 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 01, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21029422<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel, No. 2  Jalan Permas Bandar Baru Permas jaya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Renaissance Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask "why" when given an explanation.&#160; Today, you bring your personal style to every experience.&#160; You live life to discover.&#160; You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn&#8217;t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you&#8217;re in the right place.&#160; You&#8217;ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours.&#160; That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re not just looking for anyone.&#160; We&#8217;re looking for someone like you.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Renaissance Navigators use their passion for discovery to add creativity and originality to the way they deliver unique and personalized experiences to guests and ambassadors alike. The successful Navigator is an innovator, always challenging the status quo; they are relentless explorers, constantly seeking out the latest and greatest in local happenings; and of course they are relationship builders, continually nurturing and expanding their networks.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Renaissance guests are not looking for the typical tourist attractions, they are looking to experience the town as a local. So we are looking for an individual that is extremely passionate about the locale &#8211; someone who takes pride in their expertise, their community relationships, and their up-to-date knowledge of trends in food, wine, art, culture, and events. The Navigator will use knowledge and expertise to build, maintain, and update a catalog of local offerings &#8211; from restaurants and bars, to shops and museum exhibits, and everything in between. He or she will not only be responsible for delivering this information to guests, but also for educating other ambassadors so they can deliver this information to our discoverer guests as well.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>No matter what position you are in, there are a few things that are critical to success: making sure you have a safe work environment, following company policies and procedures, ensuring your uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintaining confidentiality, completing paperwork and documentation, and protecting company assets. The essence of the Navigator role is about getting out from behind the Navigator desk (you&#8217;ll be sitting, standing, and walking around for most of your day) and taking a hands-on approach to your work (move, lift, carry, push, pull and place objects, 10 pounds or less, by yourself). Doing all of these things well (and other things that come your way) is the foundation of the job. Ultimately, the real hallmark of the Navigator role is driving a best-in-class guest experience, inspiring guests and ambassadors alike to live life to discover.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Navigator Concierge job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21029422?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 