---
title: " Senior Sales Manager (Johor Bahru/Desaru Based) - Four Points Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Proactive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-08 
excerpt: " Senior Sales Manager (Johor Bahru/Desaru Based) - Four Points Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Proactive position. Jawatan kosong  Senior Sales Manager (Johor Bahru/Desaru Based) - Four Points Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Proactive." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Senior Sales Manager (Johor Bahru/Desaru Based) - Four Points Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Proactive position. Jawatan kosong  Senior Sales Manager (Johor Bahru/Desaru Based) - Four Points Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Proactive. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Proactive 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 07, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21031583<br><b>Job Category</b> Sales &amp; Marketing<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Hotel Description</strong></p> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>Responsible for proactively soliciting and managing large group/catering related opportunities with significant revenue potential. Manages group/catering opportunities not handled by an Event Booking Center (EBC). Actively up-sells each business opportunity to maximize revenue opportunity. Achieves personal and team related revenue goals. Verifies business is turned over properly and in a timely fashion for proper service delivery. Responsible for driving customer/guest loyalty by delivering service excellence throughout each customer/guest experience. Provides service to customers in order to grow the account on behalf of the company.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; <strong><strong>High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the sales and marketing, guest services, front desk, or related professional area.</strong></strong></p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Business Administration, Marketing, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Understanding Market Opportunities &amp; Driving Revenue</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Targets group/catering accounts, markets, or segments with heavy emphasis on proactive solicitation and account saturation.</p> <p>&#8226; Partners with group/catering counterpart to effectively manage the business opportunity.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to incoming group/catering opportunities for the property that are outside parameters of the .</p> <p>&#8226; Handles all opportunities if property does not participate in an EBC.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies, qualifies and solicits new group/catering business to achieve personal and each property&#8217;s revenue goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Focuses efforts on group/catering accounts with significant potential sales revenue.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops effective group/catering sales plans and actions.</p> <p>&#8226; Designs, develops and sells creative catered events.</p> <p>&#8226; Maximizes revenue by upselling packages and creative food and beverage.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the overall market - competitors&#8217; strengths and weaknesses, economic trends, supply and demand etc. and knows how to sell against them.</p> <p>&#8226; Closes the best opportunities for each property based on market conditions and individual property needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses negotiating skills and creative selling abilities to close on business and negotiate contracts.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Handles complex business with significant revenue potential as well as significant customer expectations.</p> <p>&#8226; Builds and strengthens relationships with existing and new customers to enable future bookings. Activities include sales calls, entertainment, FAM trips, trade shows, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops relationships within community to strengthen and expand customer base for group/catering sales opportunities.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports brand&#8217;s Service and Relationship Strategy, driving customer loyalty by delivering service excellence throughout each customer experience.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service in order to grow share of the account.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes brand&#8217;s Customer Service Standards and property&#8217;s Brand Standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes and supports the business Customer Service Standards and property&#8217;s Brand Standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in and practices daily service basics of the brand.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes exemplary customer service to drive customer satisfaction and loyalty by assisting the customer and ensuring their satisfaction before and during their program/event.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves the customer by understanding their needs and recommending the appropriate features and services that best meet their needs and exceed their expectations, while building a relationship and loyalty to the property and brand.</p> <p>&#8226; Gains understanding of the property&#8217;s primary target customer and service expectations; serves the customer by understanding their business, business issues and concerns, to offer better business solution both prior to, and during the program/event.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Building Successful Relationships</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works collaboratively with off-property sales channels (e.g., , Market Sales, Strategic Accounts) to ensure sales efforts are coordinated, complementary and not duplicative.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages and develops relationships with key internal and external stakeholders.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses sales resources and administrative/support staff.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes intranet for resources and information.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts site inspections.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates contracts as required.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes and supports the operational aspects of business booked (e.g., generating proposal, writing contract, customer correspondence).</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Proactive job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21031583?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 