---
title: "The Westin Langkawi Resort & Spa Job Vacancies 2021 - Cluster Director of Marcom (Malaysian Only)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-29 
excerpt: "The Westin Langkawi Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Cluster Director of Marcom (Malaysian Only) position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Langkawi Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Cluster Director of Marcom (Malaysian Only)." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Langkawi Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Cluster Director of Marcom (Malaysian Only) position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Langkawi Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Cluster Director of Marcom (Malaysian Only). 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Cluster Director of Marcom (Malaysian Only) 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 29, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21027895<br><b>Job Category</b> Sales &amp; Marketing<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Langkawi Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Pantai Dato, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>The Marketing and Communications Manager is part of an important team that creates and executes property-level communications to our customers. Under the leadership of the Director of Marketing and Communication, this role promotes on-brand messaging to customers through traditional, digital, and social media channels all with the goal of enhancing the image of the hotel. This role helps build direct marketing plans, targeted campaigns, and activated channels to the end of driving consumer awareness and preference, increasing market share, and building broader portfolio and brand awareness. This role focuses on showcasing Food and Beverage promotions, both to hotel guests and to local patrons. As part of the Marketing and Communication team, this role is fully connected into resources in their region; Marketing and Communication Managers liaise and build deep partnerships with their regional eCommerce and Marketing teams to verify all local, social, and digital marketing efforts are effectively integrated with the selling efforts for the organization. This role also gets to do a little bit of everything, from balancing traditional and digital marketing and eCommerce activities to contributing to public relations (PR) activities for the hotel. Success is measured by how well they help drive the sales and revenue strategy of the property, social media engagement and also by how effectively leveraged the resources around them are to create truly compelling marketing and communications campaigns.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Required:</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Marketing, Public Relations, Business Administration or related major and 4 years experience in the sales, marketing, digital or related professional area; hospitality marketing or digital advertising experience preferred</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Marketing, Public Relations, Business, or related major; 2 years experience in the sales, marketing, digital or related professional area; hospitality marketing or digital advertising agency experience preferred.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Hotel Marketing and Advertising</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Executes annual marketing plan to budget, in consultation with the GM, Food and Beverage leader, Operations leaders, Director of Marketing Communications, and cluster marketing and ecommerce teams.</p> <p>&#8226; Partners with Operations, Food &amp; Beverage and Sales teams to execute promotions and campaigns to target in-house guests with promotions that drive incremental revenue to the hotel.</p> <p>&#8226; Acts as the liaison between the marketing department and advertising agency on the tactical advertising campaigns' creative and media plans, particularly for food and beverage promotions.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages F&amp;B media schedules and verifies prompt settlement of accounts.</p> <p>&#8226; Partners with property Revenue Management to verify correct offer loading, verifying advertisement targeting is correctly directed at relevant consumer groups</p> <p>&#8226; Executes email marketing, and display advertising.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains frequent, active engagement with Cluster eCommerce manager to verify alignment, pull-through, and 2-way communication about the status, performance evaluation, opportunities, and issues related to online programs and initiatives.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies all advertising for the hotel in digital channels is in alignment with brand voice.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Social Media Content Management</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Facilitates social media engagement and updating content in local digital channels (e.g., hotel website, travel sites).</p> <p>&#8226; Develops and executes promotions campaign in F&amp;B, weddings, spa, rooms and conferences through relevant digital and social media channels.</p> <p>&#8226; Engages in proactive online reputation management by surfacing relevant guest comments (positive or negative) in social media channels and responds accordingly.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Public Relations and Visual Asset Management</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Develops a comprehensive PR plan per quarter along with agency and and executes post sign-off from GM.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains a comprehensive list of local media contracts, with particular emphasis on food critics and bloggers.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages assigned accounts as per the media account management system.</p> <p>&#8226; Writes and distributes all press releases for property events, promotions, and outlets.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages the execution of hotel sponsored events, community/government relations activities, and press promotional activities.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports pull through of impactful PR strategy &amp; activities to drive quality press coverage through media engagement, in alignment with communications objectives.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies the news clippings and other online, print, and social media mention report is completed on a monthly basis for property distribution.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages external vendors and media agencies; works with agency partners and continent PR leader to identify strategic media buys for their hotel(s).</p> <p>&#8226; Surfaces and vets PR leads from the continent PR Leader regarding which are the best media to promote the hotel.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports the co-ordination of photography for F&amp;B advertising, collateral and public relations purposes between the hotel, advertising agency and the regional field marketing teams.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages photo shoots for seasonal or festive promotions in partnership with the cluster or area marketing team.</p> <p>&#8226; Acts as central point of contact for regionally approved local photographers for food, amenity, and property imagery; coordinates with area or cluster marketing to verify all photography adheres to brand voice.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Direct Marketing and Collateral Development </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates and executes Hotel and F&amp;B printed materials.</p> <p>&#8226; Controls quantity and inventory of all Hotel marketing collateral and verifies copies are filed in a comprehensive manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the production of all property, F&amp;B display, and temporary signage in hotel public areas.</p> <p>&#8226; Promotes collection of competitors collateral and publicity on a monthly basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages the execution of F&amp;B direct marketing activities.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies all collateral is as per brand standard guidelines and in compliance with Brand Standard Audit (BSA).</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>General</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists and manages the development, co-ordination and execution of all communications activities with a strong emphasis on property F&amp;B promotions and campaigns.</p> <p>&#8226; Helps with the publication of hotel&#8217;s newsletter(s).</p> <p>&#8226; Supports communications duties and functions as deemed necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the liaison and execution of joint F&amp;B promotions.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with eCommerce to verify the Hotel&#8217;s website and related websites are updated on a regular basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Partners with Director of Marketing to create marketing plan aligned to hotel sales and revenue strategy.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides training and marketing leadership and act as a marketing subject matter expert for GMs, Sales Leaders and Managers, and Revenue leaders.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates with property and above property eCommerce and Revenue Management teams to report success of property marketing and eCommerce performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Keeps abreast of competition and its collateral, advertising, and marketing efforts and constantly evolving digital and marketing trends.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Cluster Director of Marcom (Malaysian Only) job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21027895?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 