---
title: "Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang Job Vacancies 2021 - Accountant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-17 
excerpt: "Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang job vacancies 2021 for Accountant position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang terkini untuk kekosongan Accountant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang job vacancies 2021 for Accountant position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang terkini untuk kekosongan Accountant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Accountant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jul 16, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21076689<br><b>Job Category</b> Finance &amp; Accounting<br><b>Location</b> Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang, Jalan Datuk Haji Eusoff off Jalan Pahang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott allows guests to travel with confidence by giving them just what they need at an exceptional value. As a member of our team you'll deliver outstanding service so travel is easy, comfortable and productive for our guests. Find Your World&#8482; at Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott.</p><br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Supports the day-to-day execution of general ledger impacted processes, including support to clients as they work with and understand these processes. Performs accounting functions specifically in the areas of account balancing, ledger reconciliation, reporting and discrepancy resolution.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Finance and Accounting or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Work, Projects, and Policies </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates and implements accounting work and projects as assigned.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates, implements and follows up on Accounting SOP audits for all areas of the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Complies with all applicable laws related to fraud and collection procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Generates and provides accurate and timely results in the form of reports, presentations, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Compiles, codes, categorizes, calculates, tabulates, audits, or verifies information or data.</p> <p>&#8226; Balances credit card ledgers.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies contracts for groups and performs credit reference checks for direct billed groups if necessary.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Finance and Accounting Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Achieves and exceeds goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Submits reports in a timely manner, ensuring delivery deadlines.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures profits and losses are documented accurately.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors all taxes that apply, ensuring that taxes are current, collected and/or accrued.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains a strong accounting and operational control environment to safeguard assets.</p> <p>&#8226; Completes period end function each period.</p> <p>&#8226; Provide direction and assistance to other organizational units regarding accounting and budgeting policies and procedures, and efficient control and utilization of financial resources.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Demonstrating and Applying Accounting Knowledge </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge of job-relevant issues, products, systems, and processes.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge of return check procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge of the Gross Revenue Report.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge and proficiency with write off procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge and proficiency with consolidated deposit procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Keeps up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to your job.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Accounting Teams </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Motivates and provides a work environment where employees are productive.</p> <p>&#8226; Imposes deadlines and delegates tasks.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides an "open door policy" and is highly visible in areas of responsibility.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands how to manage in a culturally diverse work environment.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages the quality process in areas of customer service and employee satisfaction.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Interviews, selects and trains employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Appraises employee&#8217;s productivity and efficiency for the purpose of recommending promotions or other changes in status.</p> <p>&#8226; Follows progressive discipline procedures as appropriate.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides for the safety and security of the employees or the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors employee attendance and records absences/tardiness.</p> <p>&#8226; Helps direct supervisors to achieve their own development goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts annual performance appraisal with direct reports according to Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates personal integrity.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses effective listening skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates self confidence, energy and enthusiasm.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages group or interpersonal conflict effectively.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages time well and possesses strong organizational skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Presents ideas, expectations and information in a concise, well organized way.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses problem solving methodology for decision making and follow up.</p> <p>&#8226; Makes collections calls if necessary.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Accountant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21076689?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 