---
title: "Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd Job Vacancies 2021 - F&B Assistant Manager l Japan's Leading Gyudon Restaurant Chain" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-19 
excerpt: "Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the F&B Assistant Manager l Japan's Leading Gyudon Restaurant Chain which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>F&B Assistant Manager l Japan's Leading Gyudon Restaurant Chain</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>F&B Assistant Manager l Japan's Leading Gyudon Restaurant Chain</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Management Duties</strong><br>&#8226; Manpower &#8211; assist to ensure sufficient crew members to provide the best customer experience in terms of kitchen and counter staffing levels by doing recruitment, training and coaching<br>&#8226; Inventory &#8211; Ordering, stock check, ensure condition of all delivery items are within specifications and ensure sufficient proper storage of all stocks<br>&#8226; Cash &#8211; Responsible for the sales and cash float used during the shift, comply with all the Finance and Operations Dept cash-handling policies<br>&#8226; Customer &#8211; Responsible to ensure our customers get the best service and experience by minimizing complaints, performing service recovery and giving recognition to staff based on customer compliments<br>&#8226; Restaurant and Equipment &#8211; assist to ensure all equipment and the entire restaurant are fully-functioning, take actions to initiate repairs where necessary, etc<br>&#8226; Sales &#8211; Build sales for your restaurant by motivating and training your staff in terms of speed of service and product quality<br>Supervise and Operations Duties</div><div><br><strong>Kitchen Area</strong><br>&#8226; To prepare and ensure there are sufficient food items and non-food items to serve to customers<br>&#8226; Inventory &#8211; basic stock check (condition and expiry of products)<br>&#8226; Cooking &#8211; responsible for checking of oil condition, follow standard of procedures for frying and grilling of food and other food items<br>&#8226; Kitchen Condition&#8211; responsible to ensure food hygiene and cleanness of the kitchen to provide safety to both our company employees and customers<br>&#8226; Report immediately to the Operations Manager for any unusual incidents that may cause harm to other employees or to the company&#8217;s brand</div><div><br><strong>Dining Area</strong><br>&#8226; Greet customers, take orders, suggest and recommend meal promotions appropriately &#8226; Prepare drinks and additional side orders for customers &#8226; Ensure correct change is given to customers together with the complete order<br>&#8226; Attend and respond to the customers&#8217; requests promptly and professionally<br>&#8226; Complete the routine of restaurant-opening, duties during shift handover, and closing at night &#8226; Maintain the cleanliness of the dining area on a regular basis<br>&#8226; Responsible to clear away rubbish properly to maintain a clean, safe and sanitary environment</div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Teamplayer and Pleasant Personality</li><li>Willing to work both in kitchen and service</li><li>Willing to work on weekends and shift</li><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, any field.</li><li>At least 1 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Company Profile:</strong></div><div><br>Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd is a licensed employment agency by the Ministry of Manpower since 2009. We are established with an ultimate goal to support our clients to address the countless human resource challenges in today&#8217;s competitive market. We aim to exceed customer expectations through our strategic screening of potential candidates. We take our daily experience as part of our learning curve and we are committed to educate our customers with all the knowledge we had in this industry. We are obliged to assist our candidates to fulfill their career aspirations.</div><div>We draw from our own experience as field practitioners and candidates to provide prompt, practical and quality services to our clients and candidates. Our practice is built on integrity and trust and we are committed to protect our clients' and candidates' interests and safeguard all confidential information.</div><div><strong>Our Vision:</strong></div><div>To be a recognised market leader for recruitment in all industries.</div><div><strong>Our Mission:</strong></div><div>We strive to be the preferred partner in the field of Human Resource for our valued clients and aim to build symbiotic relationships across the world.</div><div><strong>Our Values:</strong></div><ul><li>Team Work<ul><li>We believe in working hand in hand together in order to achieve more.</li></ul></li><li>Integrity &amp; Ethnics<ul><li>We shall uphold the highest level of both personal and professional ethnics, with pride and honesty.</li></ul></li><li>Responsibility<ul><li>We strive to fulfil our commitments and obligations to our valued clients and colleagues with sense of urgency and accountability.</li></ul></li><li>Care for our People<ul><li>We care for our people as they are our greatest asset and key to our success.</li></ul></li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/f-b-assistant-manager-l-japan-s-leading-gyudon-restaurant-chain-8362667/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8362667" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 