---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Events Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-04 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Events Manager position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Events Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Events Manager position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Events Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Events Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 04, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21030445<br><b>Job Category</b> Sales &amp; Marketing<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>The position is accountable for proactively soliciting and handling sales opportunities. Ensures business is turned over properly and in a timely fashion for proper service delivery. Assists in leading all day-to-day activities related to sales with a focus on building long-term, value-based customer relationships that enable achievement of sales objectives. Achieves personal sales goals.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Business Administration, Marketing, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 3 years experience in the sales and marketing or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Marketing, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 1 year experience in the sales and marketing or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Building Successful Relationships that Generate Sales Opportunities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works collaboratively with off-property sales channels to ensure sales efforts are coordinated, complementary and not duplicative.</p> <p>&#8226; Builds and strengthens relationships with existing and new customers to enable future bookings. Activities include sales calls, entertainment, FAM trips, trade shows, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops relationships within community to strengthen and expand customer base for sales opportunities.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages and develops relationships with key internal and external stakeholders.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides accurate, complete and effective turnover to Event Management.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Sales Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Participates in sales calls with members of sales team to acquire new business and/or close on business.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes and supports the operational aspects of business booked (e.g., generating proposal, writing contract, customer correspondence).</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Using Knowledge of Market Trends and Target Customer Information to Maximize Revenue</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Identifies new business to achieve personal and location revenue goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the overall market - competitors&#8217; strengths and weaknesses, economic trends, supply and demand etc. and knows how to sell against them.</p> <p>&#8226; Closes the best opportunities for the location based on market conditions and location needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Gains understanding of the location&#8217;s primary target customer and service expectations; serves the customer by understanding their business, business issues and concerns, to offer better business solution.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Customer Service </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supports the company&#8217;s service and relationship strategy, driving customer loyalty by delivering service excellence throughout each customer experience.</p> <p>&#8226; Services our customers in order to grow share of the account.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes and supports the company&#8217;s customer service standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service consistent with the daily service basics of the company.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Events Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21030445?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 