---
title: "Desaru Development Holdings One Sdn Bhd (Desaru Coast) Job Vacancies 2021 - Manager, Connectivity" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-23 
excerpt: "Desaru Development Holdings One Sdn Bhd (Desaru Coast) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manager, Connectivity which positioned at Kota Tinggi" 
tags: [Kota Tinggi] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Desaru Development Holdings One Sdn Bhd (Desaru Coast) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manager, Connectivity</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Desaru Development Holdings One Sdn Bhd (Desaru Coast) 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Manager, Connectivity</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Job Roles:</p><p>To provide strategic Connectivity oversight and excellence. Manage connectivity on all business-related activities in collaboration with the Operation Unit and DH1 Sales and Marketing.</p><p>Ensure full compliance and conformance to applicable standards, local regulations, code of practices and legal requirements related to transportation services.</p><p>Manage change and continuously look out for other connectivity modes as we move towards establishing as a sort out holiday destination.</p><p>Job Responsibilities:</p><ul><li>Develop, establish and review the Connectivity Department policies and standards to ensure that it is in compliance with relevant statutory requirements, including the local regulations, code of practices and legal requirements in relations to transportation.</li></ul><ul><li>Source out and create other forms of connectivity for the destination to make it more approachable, reachable and affordable according to the target markets.</li></ul><ul><li>Maintain and promote an appropriate level of awareness and knowledge on connectivity readiness across the organization and the operating units.</li></ul><ul><li>Continuously improve the Management System by coordinating regular internal audits, awareness briefings, trainings and induction program.</li></ul><ul><li>Participate in, and where necessary lead investigation teams in ensuring the development of appropriate corrective and preventive actions and the sharing of best practices related to connectivity matters.</li></ul><ul><li>Review and establish measures to ensure that all operating units understand and comply with all regulations related to the industry set by the authority and management system requirements in relations to connectivity process.</li></ul><ul><li>Work with key stakeholders to ensure Connectivity performance deliverables are understood and delivered.</li></ul><ul><li>Preparation of annual budget and ensure prudence in spending according to the approved budget.</li></ul><ul><li>Prepare monthly reports and make presentation to management on Connectivity matters.</li></ul><ul><li>Oversee and advice where ever necessary emergency responses, crisis management and business continuity related to Connectivity matters.</li></ul><p>Job Requirements:</p><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s Degree or equivalent in Management / Business Management / Tourism and Hospitality.</li></ul><ul><li>Minimum of 5 years&#8217; experience in the field of Transportation Management and&#160;Tourism and Hospitality related industries.</li></ul><ul><li>&#160;Well versed in the process of sourcing, developing and deploying various methods of connectivity.</li></ul><ul><li>&#160;Self-starter with ability to work independently in an ambiguous environment.</li></ul><ul><li>&#160;Strong interpersonal, people management, relationship building, negotiation, communication and coaching skills.</li></ul><ul><li><strong>&#160;</strong>Strong influencing skills and systematic problem-solving capabilities, demonstrable ability to interact with all levels within and outside of the organization.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Desaru Coast is an integrated destination resort comprising globally renowned hotels and resorts, one of the world&#8217;s biggest waterparks, a conference centre, a 45-hole golf course, and a 23-acre retail and lifestyle village.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kota Tinggi. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manager-connectivity-4511947?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4511947" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 