---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Chef de Cuisine" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-14 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Chef de Cuisine position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Chef de Cuisine." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Chef de Cuisine position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Chef de Cuisine. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Chef de Cuisine 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 13, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21020384<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Accountable for the quality, consistency and production of the restaurant kitchen. Exhibits culinary talents by personally performing tasks while leading the staff and managing all food related functions. Coordinates menus, purchasing, staffing and food preparation for the property's restaurant. Works with team to improve guest and employee satisfaction while maintaining the operating budget. Must ensure sanitation and food standards are achieved. Develops and trains team to improve results.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the culinary, food and beverage, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Culinary Arts, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 2 years experience in the culinary, food and beverage, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Culinary Standards and Responsibilities are Met for Restaurant</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Develops, designs, or creates new applications, ideas, relationships, systems, or products, including artistic contributions for restaurant.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises restaurant kitchen shift operations and ensures compliance with all Food &amp; Beverage policies, standards and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains food preparation handling and correct storage standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Recognizes superior quality products, presentations and flavor.</p> <p>&#8226; Plans and manages food quantities and plating requirements for the restaurant.</p> <p>&#8226; Communications production needs to key personnel.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in developing daily and seasonal menu items for the restaurant.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all applicable laws and regulations regulations.</p> <p>&#8226; Follows proper handling and right temperature of all food products.</p> <p>&#8226; Estimates daily restaurant production needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Prepares and cooks foods of all types, either on a regular basis or for special guests or functions.</p> <p>&#8226; Checks the quality of raw and cooked food products to ensure that standards are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Determines how food should be presented and creates decorative food displays.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Kitchen Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and coordinates activities of cooks and workers engaged in food preparation.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads shift teams while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and manages restaurant kitchen employees. Managing all day-to-day operations. Understanding employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Serving as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensuring and maintaining the productivity level of employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are cross-trained to support successful daily operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees understand expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees and ensures employees do the same within the team.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Establishing and Maintaining Restaurant Kitchen Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Sets and supports achievement of kitchen goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Developing specific guidance and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish daily kitchen operations work.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of kitchen operation on the overall property financial goals and objectives and manages to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Effectively investigates, reports and follows-up on employee accidents.</p> <p>&#8226; Knows and implements company safety standards.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, ensuring the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resource Activities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in training restaurant staff on menu items including ingredients, preparation methods and unique tastes.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages employee progressive discipline procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the employee performance appraisal process, providing feedback as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses all available on the job training tools for employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists as needed in the interviewing and hiring of employee team members with appropriate skills.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends and participates in all pertinent meetings.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Chef de Cuisine job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21020384?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 