---
title: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Room Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-20 
excerpt: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Room Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Room Attendant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Room Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Room Attendant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Room Attendant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 20, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21048901<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Kuala Lumpur, 199 Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make</strong></p> <p>When a guest walks into any of our rooms &#8211; imagine that first look around they take. Followed by that sigh of relief because they&#8217;ve arrived to their home away from home, be it for a night or a week, and it&#8217;s perfect. Everything is exactly in its place.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Crisp, pressed linens. Perfectly placed pillows. A sparkling mirror. Every detail adding up to an experience our guests feel great about because they know they&#8217;re in good hands while staying with us. That&#8217;s the impact you make with your efforts, which become even bigger when those experiences add up and create a loyal customer.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll do</strong></p> <ul> <li>Replace guest amenities and supplies in rooms</li> <li>Make beds and fold sheets</li> <li>Remove trash, dirty linens and room service items</li> <li>Greet guests and take care of requests</li> <li>Straighten desk items, furniture and appliances</li> <li>Dust, polish and remove marks from walls and furnishings</li> <li>Vacuum carpets and floor care duties</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Perks you deserve</strong></p> <p>We&#8217;ll support you in and out of the workplace by offering:</p> <ul> <li>Team-spirited coworkers</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> </ul> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <ul> <li>A warm, people-oriented demeanor</li> <li>A team-first attitude</li> <li>A gift for paying attention to the smallest details</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional demeanor, clear communication and appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>You&#8217;re welcome here</strong></p> <p>Our highest priority is making you feel as welcome as our guests. We want you to know you&#8217;re important to us and that you&#8217;ll make an impact in your role, and for that, you&#8217;ll be appreciated and valued.</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Room Attendant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21048901?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 