---
title: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Commis 1" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-07 
excerpt: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Commis 1 position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Commis 1." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Commis 1 position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Commis 1. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Commis 1 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 07, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21030913<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel, Jalan Utara C, Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Sheraton Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Sheraton, we go above and beyond in everything we do. We are inspired by our guests and one another &#8211; and are driven to make things better. We love what we do, and we give it all we&#8217;ve got &#8211; on property and off. When guests stay with us, it&#8217;s not just a room with a bed that they&#8217;re buying. It&#8217;s an experience. We&#8217;re looking for someone who is ready to go beyond in everything they do. If you are someone with a genuine drive to improve your life and the lives of those around you, we encourage you to explore careers with Sheraton.<br></div><div> <p> <strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong> </p> <p></p> <p>Prepare special meals or substitute items. Regulate temperature of ovens, broilers, grills, and roasters. Pull food from freezer storage to thaw in the refrigerator. Ensure proper portion, arrangement, and food garnish. Maintain food logs. Monitor the quality and quantity of food that is prepared. Communicate assistance needed during busy periods. Inform Chef of excess food items for use in daily specials. Inform Food &amp; Beverage service staff of menu specials and out of stock menu items. Ensure the quality of the food items. Prepare and cook food according to recipes, quality standards, presentation standards, and food preparation checklist. Prepare cold foods. </p> <p></p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance needs, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong> </strong> </p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Commis 1 job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21030913?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 