---
title: "Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Demi Chef" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-06 
excerpt: "Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Demi Chef position. Jawatan kosong Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Demi Chef." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Demi Chef position. Jawatan kosong Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Demi Chef. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Demi Chef 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 05, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21030676<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel, Lot G-23A, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>Connect your passions with a rewarding opportunity</strong></p> <p>Others may call you a foodie, but you know you&#8217;re much more than that. You want to learn all the tricks of the trade and be the master of the kitchen. When you join us, you&#8217;ll find that there are no limits on your creativity or your potential. We inspire you to grow and challenge yourself because when you are pursuing excellence, you&#8217;re helping us to provide exceptional travel experiences.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Rewards for work, benefits for your lifestyle</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;ll be supported in and out of the workplace through:</p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Team-spirited colleagues</li> </ul> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make&#160;</strong></p> <p>You hold yourself to a higher culinary standard and it is your attention to each preparation that keeps guests with us to dine. Working with a dedicated team of experts, you will learn something different every day as you work with new seasonal menus and unique presentations. You hard work pays off when a dish that you&#8217;ve thoughtfully helped to prepare has guests raving and anxious to return.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll be doing</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Prepare fresh ingredients for cooking according to recipes/menu</li> <li>Cook food and prepare top-quality menu items in a timely manner</li> <li>Test foods to ensure proper preparation and temperature</li> <li>Operate kitchen equipment safely and responsibly</li> <li>Ensure the proper sanitation and cleanliness of surfaces and storage containers</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <ul> <li>Great teamwork skills and attention to detail</li> <li>Positive outlook and outgoing personality</li> <li>Previous kitchen experience is a big plus</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Explore our very big world</strong></p> <p>When you bring your natural talents and passion for food, we welcome you into our family. No matter your specialty or culinary background, we offer great rewards and opportunities to improve your skills. You will work closely with a team of inspired professionals who encourage and invite your contributions. &#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Demi Chef job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21030676?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 