---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Head Mixologist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-25 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Head Mixologist position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Head Mixologist." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Head Mixologist position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Head Mixologist. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Head Mixologist 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 25, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21012477<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Stesen Sentral &amp; Jalan Travers, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>Answer guest questions or concerns regarding the origin, vintage, and style of various wines. Check quality and quantity of all stock and supplies. Requisition all supplies. Perform bottle-for-bottle liquor restock. Communicate last call at designated closing time. Prepare drink orders for guests according to specified recipes using measuring systems. Issue, open, and serve wine/champagne bottles. Count bank at end of shift, complete designated cashier reports, resolve any discrepancies, drop off receipts, and secure bank. Obtain change required for expected business level, and keeping bank secure at all times. Secure liquors, beers, wines, coolers, cabinets, and storage areas. Anticipate and communicate replenishment needs promptly. Ensure staff is working together as a team.</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; and serve as a role model. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certification. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print).&#160;Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Head Mixologist job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21012477?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 