---
title: "Kelab Golf Negara Subang Job Vacancies 2021 - Golf Course Marshal (Pengawal Padang Golf)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-28 
excerpt: "Kelab Golf Negara Subang is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Golf Course Marshal (Pengawal Padang Golf) which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kelab Golf Negara Subang is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Golf Course Marshal (Pengawal Padang Golf)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Kelab Golf Negara Subang 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Golf Course Marshal (Pengawal Padang Golf)</b>. 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><strong>Job Highlights</strong><ul><li><span>Strategic location</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>Free training and coaching for beginner</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>Work-life balance</span></li></ul><strong>Job Description</strong><p><span>We are currently looking for a&#160;</span><strong>Golf Course Marshals</strong><span>&#160;who will have an active role in ensuring safety on the course. Course Marshals</span></p><p>stand at key marshal points along the course to warn riders of hazards, direct riders, ensure fair play and provide rapid</p><p>response to incidents. Course Marshals may also act as crossing guards and/or league representatives to other trail users.</p><p>Radios are provided to communicate report any incidents or to call in medical assistance. A note pad is provided to keep</p><p>track of any outside support, rule violations and riders who abandon the race. Course Marshal&#8217;s can hike or ride bikes to</p><p>their marshal points. Lastly, remember to cheer on those riders as they pass by!</p><p><strong>You will play an important role such as:</strong></p><ul><li><span>To ensure proper recording of players&#8217; data in the starter sheet before they tee off (tee-off time, membership numbers, member and guests names, handicap, crossover time, and completion time).</span></li><li><span>To ensure golfers display authorized golf bag tags.</span></li><li><span>To ensure that every golfer/caddies carry sand pails.</span></li><li><span>To enforce and ensure all bye-laws, golf rules etiquette are observed during play.</span></li><li><span>To perform any duties assigned by the Golf Manager / Assistant Golf Manager/ Supervisors from time to time.</span></li><li><span>To carry out regular patrols on the golf courses enforcing and ensuring the golf bye-laws, rules of golf, and etiquette are observed by all players.</span></li><li><span>To ensure all aspects are intact ie. Tee Box markers, Pin placements, Fallen Stakes, Golfers &amp;, etc.</span></li><li><span>To ensure the cleanliness of golf courses.</span></li><li><span>To caution, reprimand, and issue infringement note to errant golfers.</span></li><li><span>To prepare slow play reports daily.</span></li><li><span>To assist Supervisors in updating competition scoreboards during tournaments.</span></li><li><span>To perform any duties assigned by Golf Manager / Golf Executive / Supervisors from time to time.</span></li></ul><p><strong>What you&#8217;ll need to have:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least SPM.</li><li>Preferably Non-Executive specialized in Rules of Golf or equivalent.</li></ul><p><strong>What you will get when you join us:</strong></p><ul><li>Your Medical Claims Are On Us.</li><li>High and Attractive Overtime pay</li><li>EPF &amp; SOCSO</li></ul><p>So, what are you waiting for? Click on the&#160;<strong>&#8216;Apply Now&#8217;&#160;</strong>button and let&#8217;s talk soon!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Kelab Golf Negara Subang is a membership club with 5, 500 members. The Club has two 18-hole golf courses with high golf traffic, driving range, tennis and squash courts, gymnasium and swimming pool. The Club has a number of F&amp;B outlets providing a variety of cuisines which attracts a large number of members.&#160;It also has function rooms rentable for private functions.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/golf-course-marshal-pengawal-padang-golf-4551238?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4551238" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 