---
title: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral Job Vacancies 2021 - Front Desk Talent (Reception)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-10 
excerpt: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Front Desk Talent (Reception) position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Front Desk Talent (Reception)." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Front Desk Talent (Reception) position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Front Desk Talent (Reception). 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Front Desk Talent (Reception) 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jul 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21072325<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral, No. 5 Jalan Stesen Sentral, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Aloft Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Aloft Hotels we&#8217;re wired for next generation travelers who love open spaces, open thinking, and open expression. Aloft provides a space where style is necessary, social scenes are vibrant, and where the only direction is forward. Our guests are tech savvy and confidently social, with an eclectic style they&#8217;re not afraid to show. We understand what our guests need, so we provide an affordable option for the tech-savvy design guru. We&#8217;re looking for innovative self-expressers who aren&#8217;t afraid to draw outside the lines. If you are someone who appreciates tech-forward features and vibrant social scenes, then we invite you to explore a career with Aloft Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all guest check-ins, check-outs, room assignments, and room change/late check-out requests. Secure payment; activate/reissue room keys. Ensure rates match market codes, document exceptions. Verify/adjust billing for guests. Communicate to appropriate staff when guests are waiting for an available room. Advise guest of messages. Clear departures in computer system. Coordinate with Housekeeping to track room status and guest concerns. File guest paperwork or documentation. Operate telephone switchboard station. Run and check daily reports, contingency lists, and credit card authorization reports. Supply guests with directions and information. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, requests, questions, or concerns; follow up to ensure each has been met to guests&#8217; satisfaction. Arrange transportation for guests/visitors. Count and secure bank at beginning and end of shift. Cash-guests' checks, process all payment types, vouchers, paid-outs, charges, and provide change. Notify Loss Prevention/Security of any reports of theft.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of employees. Comply with quality assurance standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Front Desk Talent (Reception) job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21072325?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 