---
title: "Appraisal Property Management Sdn Bhd Job Vacancies 2021 - Guest Services Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-18 
excerpt: "Appraisal Property Management Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Guest Services Manager which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Appraisal Property Management Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Guest Services Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Appraisal Property Management Sdn Bhd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Guest Services Manager</b>. 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Guest Services Manager</strong></div><div>Appraisal Property Management (APM)&#160; have been appointed to provide comprehensive Property and Asset Management services for Kuala Lumpur&#8217;s newest office tower which is expected to be completed in the coming months. APM is part of the JLL group, a global leader in the provision of property and investment services. We will provide operational and engineering services, security and emergency services, tenancy lease administration, customer experience, financial management and asset planning utilising the specialist skills of a diverse and motivated team of professionals based at the building at TRX, Kuala Lumpur.</div>The Guest Services Manager is principally responsible for implementing and managing the customer service and experience program, in order to maximize the presentation of the property, and the engagement and satisfaction of the property occupants. As part of these responsibilities, the role will assume responsibility for the management of nominated front of house services, which&#160; directly influence the presentation, brand and perceptions of the property.<div>The property should be considered as a market leader in tenant and visitor experience, providing a level of service ordinarily experienced in a five star hospitality environment. The ultimate management of delivering this experience would fall to the Guest Services Manager.&#160;</div><div>The primary focus is to ensure maximum customer satisfaction, by fostering good working relationships with customers and ensuring they are kept up to date with events within the building either by direct communication or via the dedicated property web site and portal. The role is also principally responsible for the property customer engagement, event and placemaking program.</div><div>You will play a vital role in ensuring timely and accurate communications with the property community, and in ensuring that disruption and inconvenience is minimized as much as possible.</div><div><strong>What this job involves :</strong></div><ul><li>Working at the centre of the onsite property team, the Guest Services Manager is responsible for the following:</li><li>Customer Service, Engagement and Communication</li><li>Assume principle responsibility for the management and co-ordination of the property&#8217;s Customer Service Program. This will include participation in the Premium Asset Group Customer Service peer group &#8211; The Stage Door. Areas of involvement include:</li><li>Lobby event planning and co-ordination,</li><li>Community and charity program co-ordination</li><li>Spontaneous &#8216;pop-up&#8217; giveaway and promotional events</li><li>Foster and develop a unique One Team relationship between the management team, service providers and partners to create a seamless and unified customer experience.</li><li>Working closely with key tenant representatives to co-ordinate and integrate our services with their staff and customer engagement programs</li><li>Conducting Customer visits and formal meetings</li><li>Assume principle responsibility for co-ordinating the Customers&#8217; participation in annual surveys.</li><li>Produce and manage all forms of customer communications including emails, newsletters, digital portal and displays,</li><li>Provide the conduit for feedback to and from Customers regarding Shayher&#8217;s and JLL&#8217;s policies and procedures and building services.</li><li>Support the team in organizing, promoting and managing Placeholding events around the property at regular intervals</li><li>Contracts and Contractor Management</li><li>Administration of services including but not limited to the following:</li><li>Concierge services,</li><li>Cleaning, toiletry services, toilet supplies, carpet services, end of trip facility, signage services, window cleaning services, waste services, indoor and external plant services, promotions and other front of house contracts (subject to the discretion of the General Manager)</li><li>Ensuring all contracts are maintained within the agreed budget and at or above the agreed standards of presentation and performance, and seeking alternative ways to improve customer service and reduce expenditure.</li><li>Minor Works</li><li>Organisation of miscellaneous minor works related to the presentation of the building.</li><li>Identifying the work required to be undertaken; preparing a scope of works, obtaining and assessing quotes / tenders, and awarding contracts.</li><li>Co-ordinating the works and carrying out QA inspections</li><li>Approving payments upon satisfactory completion of the work.</li><li>Sustainability</li><li>Management of&#160; waste management and&#160; recycling programs in the buildings and management of contract</li><li>Planning and implementing environmental initiatives</li><li>Ensuring Customers understand the recycling programs implemented at site.</li><li>Sustainability reporting including collating of data for assessment.</li><li>Environmental Health &amp; Safety</li><li>Planning and organising educational seminars to ensure Customer awareness of EH&amp;S obligations.</li><li>Implement the client approved wellness program within the property</li><li>Budgets &amp; Forecasting</li><li>Assisting with the formulation and management of the annual budget</li><li>Assisting with monthly forecasts of relevant accounts</li><li>Website / Portal Maintenance</li><li>Ensure regular maintenance of the website/portal to provide accurate and timely information, especially with regard to wardens, Customers, news items, retail specials, and specific building issues.</li><li>Manage enhancements of the site as requested by management</li><li>General</li><li>Management of the end of trip facilities including allocation of bike racks and lockers and maintaining the register.</li><li>Assist with marketing initiatives if requested by the General Manager.</li><li>Assist with general administration tasks from time to time.</li><li>Other duties as required by the General Manager.</li></ul>Direct Staff Reports<div>Two Concierge ; Smart Building Manager ; Activations &amp; Events Co-ordinator ; Cleaning contractor and team.</div><strong>Sounds like you? To apply, you need to be :</strong><ul><li>Engaging and have professional experience</li><li>A passion for excellence is what makes a Guest Services Manager. We&#8217;ll need someone who can do more than the bare minimum to meet our clients&#8217; and guests' expectations. It would also be best if you have 5 years of guest management experience from the hospitality industry or a luxury corporate building. In this role, you&#8217;ll also be working with different kinds of people, so you&#8217;ll need to be an expert in handling them professionally. Likewise, you&#8217;ll need to effectively manage, train and inspire the team to always do better. You&#8217;ll also need to take the time to listen to your people to create better work impact.</li></ul><div><strong>Required Attributes, Experience and Qualifications</strong></div><ul><li>Demonstration of achievement of a form of tertiary certificate or degree in a field that can be applied to the management of property would be an advantage,</li><li>The ability to empathise with customer needs and a demonstration of excellent customer service ethic is mandatory.</li><li>The role requires an individual who is conscientious, diligent and organised in their work approach, whilst demonstrating a composed and professional appearance at all times.</li><li>Demonstrated skills at encouraging a team to maintain the highest levels of customer service</li><li>Focus on driving meticulous presentation of the property and its image at all times.</li><li>A demonstrated ability to think laterally, accommodate change, innovation and new ideas, and most importantly, to prioritise work.</li><li>An ability to communicate with people at all levels. The individual should be comfortable mixing with and supervising people of all backgrounds. They must be aware of customer service responsibilities and respect the needs of Customers and visitors to the property.</li><li>A willingness to make a personal commitment to the property, and in doing so, acknowledge that the job is not 9 to 5 and at times, requires responsibility being taken to ensure the matter at hand is dealt with effectively and efficiently</li><li>Excellent computer skills &#8211; proficient in MS Word and Excel.</li><li>Proficient in social media use and promotions</li></ul><strong>Key Result Areas:</strong><ul><li>Achievement of annual operating budget</li><li>Achievement of client KPIs as defined in the Property Management Agreement</li><li>Customer Service Customer Satisfaction as measured in the annual Customer survey results</li><li>Management of assigned contracts and service providers to undertake works in accordance with agreed plans and budgets</li><li>Proportion of the property community signed up to the property portal and the extent of repeat access to the services of the portal.</li><li>Timely and accurate completion of client and JLL reports</li></ul><div><strong>What you can expect from us</strong></div><div>At JLL, we make sure that you become the best version of yourself by helping you realize your full potential in an entrepreneurial and inclusive work environment. We will empower your ambitions through our dedicated Total Rewards Program, competitive pay and benefits package.</div><div>More reasons to join JLL</div>We are a true multinational global powerhouse having both International and Local footing in the real estate industry with over 220 offices worldwide for career advancement.<div>We are unified by a collaborative culture that fosters integrity, commitment with one another and strength in cultural diversity with team members from different nationalities and backgrounds, being truly International.</div><div>We are recognised as a leading real estate investment and consultancy firm both globally and locally with a technology and innovation oriented drive.</div><div><strong>Apply today!</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<strong>JLL</strong> is a professional services and investment management company specializing in real estate. The Company&#8217;s real estate services include agency leasing, capital markets, tenant representation, real estate investment banking / merchant banking, property management, corporate finance, facilities management / outsourcing, hotel advisory, project and development management / construction, energy and sustainability services, valuations, value recovery and receivership services, consulting and investment management.</div>
<div>
			In Malaysia,&#160; Integrated Facilities Management services are provided by Appraisal Property Management Sdn Bhd (APM), a member of the JLL network.&#160; We strive to show the World&#8217;s best-known Companies and institutions how to operate facilities with maximum efficiency safety and employee comfort.&#160; We expose our Clients to all the best practices while managing office, industrial, technical, manufacturing, critical environments.&#160; We have more than 500 management professionals serving 42 Corporate Clients across numerous sites in Malaysia and Brunei &#8211;ranging from manufacturing, banking, consumer goods, commercial and technology industries.</div>
<div>
			JLL is a leading professional services firm that specializes in real estate and investment management. We are a multi-awarded Fortune 500 global company with more than 90,000 employees in over 80 countries worldwide.</div>
<div>
<br>
<strong>WHY JOIN JLL?</strong><br>
			We&#8217;re a world leader in real estate services, powered by an entrepreneurial spirit. We want the most ambitious clients to work with us, and the most ambitious people to work for us. It&#8217;s as simple as that. We&#8217;re here to create rewarding opportunities and amazing spaces around the globe where people can achieve their ambitions.&#160;</div>
<div>
<br>
<strong>Here are Top 10 Reasons to work at JLL:-</strong><br>
			1. We are a global powerhouse having both International and Local footing in the real estate industry with over 220 offices worldwide for career advancement.<br>
			2. We are unified by a collaborative culture that fosters integrity, commitment with one another and strength in cultural diversity with team members from different nationalities and backgrounds, being truly International.<br>
			3. We are recognised as a leading real estate investment and consultancy firm both globally and locally with a technology and innovation oriented drive.<br>
			4. We have over 20 years of local and 5+ years of MNC expertise in the real estate industry.<br>
			5. We are based in a strategic location in the heart of KL Sentral widely accessible with various transportation and amenities.<br>
			6. We are a Fortune 500 company in the United States at from #356 in 2018 to #189 in ranking in 2019.<br>
			7. We are an award winning firm with our most recent achievements as one of 2019 World&#8217;s Most Ethical Companies for the 12th Consecutive Year, Asia Pacific Property Awards for Best Real Estate Agency in Malaysia &amp; Winner of the National Real Estate Awards for Commercial Real Estate Firm of the Year for 3 consecutive years 2017-2019 respectively.<br>
			8. We offer International exposure and leadership in excellence guidance to help boost your career aspirations and learning opportunities.<br>
			9. We are constantly adapting to the ever-changing market requirements with trainings and support provided from our regional and global offices.<br>
			10. We encourage career growth and advancement with perks and promotions offered throughout the year.<br>
			So what are you waiting for? An aspiring career at JLL awaits You!</div>
<div>
<div>
<strong>We have a talent for talent</strong></div>
<div>
				At APM, we make your ambitions our business. We want your creativity to flourish, and we want to hear your entrepreneurial ideas. We embrace different perspectives and we&#8217;re interested in yours.</div>
<div>
				A career at APM means every day is different. With more than 70,000 employees worldwide, we have a presence in over 1,000 locations in 80 countries. Our expertise in commercial real estate is game-changing, and we continue to be trailblazers in market-leading knowledge, technology and insight.</div>
<div>
				Working at APM will give you the chance to become a true innovator &#8211; not only within your individual career and business, but also as part of a dynamic global employee network &#8211; a network where talented people inspire each other and learn from the best. What can we say, we have a talent for talent!</div>
<div>
				If you are passionate in delivering the best services in the Facility Management Industry and want to learn from the BEST, we invite you to join our Dynamic Team.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/guest-services-manager-4569178?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4569178" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 