---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Storekeeper cum Receiving Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-11 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Storekeeper cum Receiving Assistant position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Storekeeper cum Receiving Assistant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Storekeeper cum Receiving Assistant position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Storekeeper cum Receiving Assistant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Storekeeper cum Receiving Assistant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 11, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21019029<br><b>Job Category</b> Procurement, Purchasing, and Quality Assurance<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Receive and stage merchandise by department, mark appropriately for placement in facility, and deliver merchandise to appropriate department. Stack received merchandise on pallets or carts. Complete requisition forms for inventory and supplies. Notify manager/supervisor of low stock levels in a timely manner. Receive deliveries, store perishables properly, and rotate stock. Inspect deliveries and date times to verify freshness, cleanliness, consistency, and quality throughout case lots. Refuse acceptance of damaged, unacceptable, or incorrect items. Adhere to food safety and handling policies and procedures across all food-related areas. Organize, clean, and sanitize all refrigerators and freezers, floors, food equipment, and drains. Remove empty pallets, cardboard, and trash and place in proper storage areas.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Speak to guests and co-workers using clear, appropriate and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Storekeeper cum Receiving Assistant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21019029?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 