---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Commis" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-07 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Commis position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Commis." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Commis position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Commis. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Commis 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 07, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21031535<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Stesen Sentral &amp; Jalan Travers, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Connect your passions with a rewarding opportunity</strong></p> <p>Others may call you a foodie, but you know you&#8217;re much more than that. You want to learn all the tricks of the trade and be the master of the kitchen. When you join us, you&#8217;ll find that there are no limits on your creativity or your potential. We inspire you to grow and challenge yourself because when you are pursuing excellence, you&#8217;re helping us to provide exceptional travel experiences.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Rewards for work, benefits for your lifestyle</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;ll be supported in and out of the workplace through:</p> <ul> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Team-spirited colleagues</li> </ul> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make&#160;</strong></p> <p>You hold yourself to a higher culinary standard and it is your attention to each preparation that keeps guests with us to dine. Working with a dedicated team of experts, you will learn something different every day as you work with new seasonal menus and unique presentations. You hard work pays off when a dish that you&#8217;ve thoughtfully helped to prepare has guests raving and anxious to return.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll be doing</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Prepare fresh ingredients for cooking according to recipes/menu</li> <li>Cook food and prepare top-quality menu items in a timely manner</li> <li>Test foods to ensure proper preparation and temperature</li> <li>Operate kitchen equipment safely and responsibly</li> <li>Ensure the proper sanitation and cleanliness of surfaces and storage containers</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <ul> <li>Great teamwork skills and attention to detail</li> <li>Positive outlook and outgoing personality</li> <li>Previous kitchen experience is a big plus</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Explore our very big world</strong></p> <p>When you bring your natural talents and passion for food, we welcome you into our family. No matter your specialty or culinary background, we offer great rewards and opportunities to improve your skills. You will work closely with a team of inspired professionals who encourage and invite your contributions. &#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Commis job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21031535?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 