---
title: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi Job Vacancies 2021 - Butler" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-12 
excerpt: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Butler position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Butler." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Butler position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Butler. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Butler 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jul 12, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21073862<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi, Jalan Pantai Kok, Teluk Nibung, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> The Ritz-Carlton<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    At more than 80 award-winning properties worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen create experiences so exceptional that long after a guest stays with us, the experience stays with them. As the premier worldwide provider of luxury experiences, we set the standard for rare and special luxury service the world over. We invite you to explore The Ritz-Carlton.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Respond to Residence owners&#8217; and their guests&#8217; requests for visitor information, special arrangements, or services (e.g., transportation, reservations, dry cleaning) by making arrangements or identifying appropriate providers. Respond to special requests from Residence owners and their guests with unique needs and follow up to promote satisfaction. Gather, summarize, and provide information to Residence owners and their guests about the property and the surrounding area amenities, including special events and activities. Announce all visitors, contractors, etc. to Residence owners before allowing them to go up and permit access to only authorize visitors and implement into the key track system. Answer, record, and process all calls, messages, requests, questions, or concerns. Contact appropriate individual or department (e.g., Engineer, Bellperson, Housekeeping) as necessary to resolve call, request, or problem. Understand and assist with owners&#8217; reservation services (HRS). Assist with scheduling of the elevator for move-in/out for Residence owners/tenants. Assist with Bell/valet services for owners when requesting for their vehicles. Perform Lobby Ambassador tasks. Review shift logs/daily memo books and document pertinent information in logbooks.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Report any incidents, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certifications. Follow all company policies and procedures, ensure uniform and personal appearances are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all Residence owners and their guests according to company standards, anticipate and address service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank others with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language, prepare and review written documents accurately and completely, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested. Adhere to the highest standards of The Ritz-Carlton service excellence.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Butler job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21073862?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 