---
title: "The Westin Langkawi Resort & Spa Job Vacancies 2021 - Chief Engineer (Malaysian Only)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-24 
excerpt: "The Westin Langkawi Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Chief Engineer (Malaysian Only) position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Langkawi Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Chief Engineer (Malaysian Only)." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Langkawi Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Chief Engineer (Malaysian Only) position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Langkawi Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Chief Engineer (Malaysian Only). 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Chief Engineer (Malaysian Only) 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 23, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21025312<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Langkawi Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Pantai Dato, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p><br> Manages all engineering/maintenance operations, including maintaining the building, grounds and physical plant with particular attention towards safety, security and asset protection. Accountable for managing the budget, capital expenditure projects, preventative maintenance and energy conservation. Responsible for maintaining regulatory requirements. Leads the emergency response team for all facility issues.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the engineering and maintenance or related professional area; technical training in HVAC-R/electrical/plumbing.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Building and Construction, Engineering, Mechanics, or related major; 2 years experience in the engineering and maintenance or related professional area; technical training in HVAC-R/electrical/plumbing.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Property Operations and Engineering Budgets</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supervises Engineering in the absence of the Director of Engineering.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in managing the physical plant including equipment, refrigeration, HVAC, plumbing, water treatment, electrical and life safety systems.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains and operates equipment at optimum effectiveness, efficiency and safety.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and manages an effective rooms maintenance program.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all Engineering departmental policies, standards and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages department's controllable expenses to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Select and order or purchase new equipment, supplies, and furnishings.</p> <p>&#8226; Inspect and evaluate the physical condition of facilities in order to determine the type of work required.</p> <p>&#8226; Recommend or arrange for additional services such as painting, repair work, renovations, and the replacement of furnishings and equipment.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises the day to day operations of Engineering.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Property Standards</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Maintains accurate logs and records as required.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in effectively planning, scheduling and evaluating preventative maintenance programs.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest problems and complaints effectively.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Displays leadership in guest hospitality by exemplifying excellent customer service and creating a positive atmosphere for guest relations.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Profitability</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Helps establish priorities for total property maintenance needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures on-going communication occurs in all areas of responsibility to create awareness of business objectives, awareness of expectations and recognition of exemplary performance.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes and publicly recognizes the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are treated fairly and equitably.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides feedback to employees based on observation of service behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises employee's ability to execute departmental and property emergency procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback.</p> <p>&#8226; Helps ensure regulatory compliance to facility regulations and safety standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and support the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Chief Engineer (Malaysian Only) job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21025312?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 