---
title: " Staff Cafe Job Vacancies 2021 - Commis II" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-12 
excerpt: " Staff Cafe job vacancies 2021 for Commis II position. Jawatan kosong  Staff Cafe terkini untuk kekosongan Commis II." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Staff Cafe job vacancies 2021 for Commis II position. Jawatan kosong  Staff Cafe terkini untuk kekosongan Commis II. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Commis II 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 09, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21058292<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Connect your passions with a rewarding opportunity</strong></p> <p>Others may call you a foodie, but you know you&#8217;re much more than that. You want to learn all the tricks of the trade and be the master of the kitchen. When you join us, you&#8217;ll find that there are no limits on your creativity or your potential. We inspire you to grow and challenge yourself because when you are pursuing excellence, you&#8217;re helping us to provide exceptional travel experiences.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Rewards for work, benefits for your lifestyle</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;ll be supported in and out of the workplace through:</p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Team-spirited colleagues</li> </ul> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make&#160;</strong></p> <p>You hold yourself to a higher culinary standard and it is your attention to each preparation that keeps guests with us to dine. Working with a dedicated team of experts, you will learn something different every day as you work with new seasonal menus and unique presentations. You hard work pays off when a dish that you&#8217;ve thoughtfully helped to prepare has guests raving and anxious to return.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll be doing</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Prepare fresh ingredients for cooking according to recipes/menu</li> <li>Cook food and prepare top-quality menu items in a timely manner</li> <li>Test foods to ensure proper preparation and temperature</li> <li>Operate kitchen equipment safely and responsibly</li> <li>Ensure the proper sanitation and cleanliness of surfaces and storage containers</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <ul> <li>Great teamwork skills and attention to detail</li> <li>Positive outlook and outgoing personality</li> <li>Previous kitchen experience is a big plus</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Explore our very big world</strong></p> <p>When you bring your natural talents and passion for food, we welcome you into our family. No matter your specialty or culinary background, we offer great rewards and opportunities to improve your skills. You will work closely with a team of inspired professionals who encourage and invite your contributions. &#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Commis II job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21058292?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 