---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Restaurant Reservations Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Restaurant Reservations Assistant position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Restaurant Reservations Assistant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Restaurant Reservations Assistant position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Restaurant Reservations Assistant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Restaurant Reservations Assistant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 27, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21024824<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, No 6 Jalan Stesen Sentral 2, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>Meet group coordinator/host(ess) prior to functions, make introductions, and ensure that all arrangements are agreeable. Read and analyze banquet event order in order to gather guest information, determine proper set up, timeline, specific guest needs, buffets, action stations, etc. Respond to and try to fulfill any special banquet event arrangements. Follow up on special banquet event arrangements to ensure compliance.</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, and support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Restaurant Reservations Assistant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21024824?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 