---
title: "Human Resources Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistan" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-08 
excerpt: "Human Resources job vacancies 2021 for Assistan position. Jawatan kosong Human Resources terkini untuk kekosongan Assistan." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Human Resources job vacancies 2021 for Assistan position. Jawatan kosong Human Resources terkini untuk kekosongan Assistan. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistan 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 07, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21044000<br><b>Job Category</b> Human Resources<br><b>Location</b> JW Marriott Hotel Kuala Lumpur, 183 Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Answer phone calls and record messages. Create and maintain filing systems. File and maintain applicant interview documentation and records. File, track, and process employment applications. Create and type office correspondence using a computer. Audit and coordinate distribution of paychecks. Communicate to all applicants receiving a job offer the necessary documentation required to bring on first day of employment in order to complete I-9 employment verification forms. Create new employee personnel file. Design and update the display and content of employee communication bulletin boards (e.g., with regard to employment, recruitment, transfers, and promotions). Post all necessary legal or regulatory notices related to Human Resources in view of all employees as required by law.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Assist other employees to ensure proper coverage and prompt guest service. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistan job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21044000?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 