---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Loyalty Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-18 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Loyalty Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Loyalty Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Loyalty Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Loyalty Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Loyalty Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 17, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21061958<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><br> <strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Loyalty Manager is responsible for recognition and engagement of our most valuable Elite members through delivery of the highest quality member stay experience. He/she manages and coordinates all aspects of Elite members&#8217; journey: from pre-arrival and arrival experience all the way to the follow up through post-stay feedback mechanisms. He/she directs, implements and evaluates quality of products and services provided to Elite members and partners with Loyalty Head Connector and Connector Team to make certain that there is an effective communication and delivery of Elite benefits program. He/she is also responsible for managing part of the Loyalty Operations department.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience </strong></p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 2 years&#8217; experience in loyalty/guest relations/guest recognition or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year degree from an accredited university in Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> &#160;  <p><strong>Supporting Marriott Loyalty Program</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Leads and mentors other team members on Marriott&#8217;s Bonvoy Loyalty Program.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains complete knowledge of all Elite Member Benefits, Terms and Conditions.</p> <p>&#8226; Adjusts Elite Member status when necessary according to established guidelines.</p> <p>&#8226; Partners with Head Connector to update, appoint and activate connector team on property.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends Loyalty and Connector meetings and webinars to continue professional development and learn about new enhancements and promotions of the Marriott&#8217;s Bonvoy Loyalty Program.</p> <p>&#8226; Promotes positive relations with Elite members by anticipating their needs and promptly responding to them.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors, responds and routes Elite members&#8217; comments to the appropriate department when necessary.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Elite Appreciation, Guest Services and Front Desk Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates day-to-day operations, ensuring the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the Elite, Cobalt and redemption stay members on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish work.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports handling complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with energy conservation efforts by monitoring compliance during property tours.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Elite, Cobalt and redemption stay members Service and Property Operations Support</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that go above and beyond Elite, Cobalt and redemption stay members expectations in order to promote Elite, Cobalt and redemption stay members satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Helps employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in coaching and providing feedback to associates.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains high visibility in public areas during peak times.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides immediate assistance to Elite, Cobalt and redemption stay members as requested.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with Elite, Cobalt and redemption stay members on a regular basis throughout the property to obtain feedback on quality of product, service levels and overall satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains knowledge of all hotel features and services, room types, rates special packages and promotions.</p> <p>&#8226; Keeps track of daily arrivals, departures, room availability and scheduled in-house group activities.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains complete knowledge of all hotel and departmental policies and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors security of public areas of the hotel.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts pre-shift meetings to review and share information pertinent to daily business with other team members.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading the Team and Conducting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides guidance and direction to subordinates.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists as needed in the interviewing and hiring of other team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors effectiveness of departmental staffing guide.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides training, development, professional discipline, and positive support for all employees within the department.</p> <p>&#8226; Administers performance evaluations for all employees within the department.</p> <p>&#8226; Facilitates departmental strategic planning meetings.</p> <p>&#8226; Direct the performance of staff and follow up with coaching and guidance to praise or make corrections</p> <p>&#160;</p> <div>   &#160;  </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em> </div><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Loyalty Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21061958?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 