---
title: " Banquet Job Vacancies 2021 - B&F Attendan" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-08 
excerpt: " Banquet job vacancies 2021 for B&F Attendan position. Jawatan kosong  Banquet terkini untuk kekosongan B&F Attendan." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Banquet job vacancies 2021 for B&F Attendan position. Jawatan kosong  Banquet terkini untuk kekosongan B&F Attendan. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- B&F Attendan 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21019031<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Explore our very big world</strong></p> <p>We welcome you to join our global and diverse family. Your positive energy and people-pleasing mindset are an important part of why our guests continue to choose us for their event needs. Every day presents a new opportunity to interact with people from all over the world, giving you new inspiration and perspective.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Rewards for work, benefits for your lifestyle</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;ll be supported in and out of the workplace through:</p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Team-spirited colleagues</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make&#160;</strong></p> <p>You will enjoy working with a well-synchronized service staff, prepared to do whatever it takes to pull off a flawless event. When the guests arrive, they will be pleased to find your polished appearance and dedication to exceptional service that delights in the details. You will feel a sense of accomplishment knowing that you&#8217;ve impressed each guest with personalized attention.&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll be doing</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Prepare coffee breaks, carts and stations with appropriate supplies</li> <li>Organize tables, action stations, buffets, and carts for service</li> <li>Communicate any additional meal requirements or special requests to the kitchen</li> <li>Ensure courses are properly cleared and crumbed in a timely fashion</li> <li>Manage the presentation of tableware so that it is accessible for the guests</li> <li>Monitor cleanliness and proper sanitization of tables, stations and service areas</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Great conversational skills and teamwork-oriented</li> <li>Positive outlook and outgoing personality</li> <li>Previous banquet serving experience is a big plus</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Connect your passions with a rewarding opportunity</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;re a food and beverage enthusiast who really enjoys making others feel at home. When you work with us, you'll get to entertain and meet people from all over the world as you build your experience. &#160;Join us and grow through opportunities to explore the business, opening yourself to various career options. No matter your path, we&#8217;ll make sure you feel right at home.</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this B&F Attendan job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21019031?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 