---
title: " Baker Job Vacancies 2021 - Commis" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-04 
excerpt: " Baker job vacancies 2021 for Commis position. Jawatan kosong  Baker terkini untuk kekosongan Commis." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Baker job vacancies 2021 for Commis position. Jawatan kosong  Baker terkini untuk kekosongan Commis. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Commis 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 03, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21037592<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, No 6 Jalan Stesen Sentral 2, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Prepare and cook food according to recipes, quality and presentation standards, and food prep checklists. Prepare ingredients for cooking, including portioning, chopping, and storing food before use. Safely and appropriately use baking and measuring tools/equipment/appliances to prepare baked foods. Follow and ensure compliance with food safety handling policies and procedures, including personal hygiene procedures. Check and ensure correct temperatures of kitchen appliances and food, and report issues to management. Wash and disinfect kitchen area; set-up and break-down work station; and follow and ensure compliance with sanitation and cleaning procedures. Monitor the quality of food prepared and portions served throughout shift.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures, including safety and security; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others and support team to reach common goals. Comply with quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Commis job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21037592?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 