---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Front Desk Agent" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-20 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Front Desk Agent position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Front Desk Agent." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Front Desk Agent position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Front Desk Agent. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Front Desk Agent 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 17, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21036299<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3 Desaru Coast Bandar Penawar, Desaru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all guest check-ins by confirming reservations, assigning room, and issuing and activating room key. Process all payment types such as room charges, cash, checks, debit, or credit. Process all check-outs including resolving any late and disputed charges. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, messages, requests, questions, or concerns. Coordinate with Housekeeping to track readiness of rooms for check-in. Communicate parking procedures to guests/visitors and dispatch bell staff or valet staff as needed. Supply guests with directions and information regarding property and local areas of interest. Run daily reports (number of arrivals, departures), identify any special requests, and check reports for accuracy. Complete designated cashier and closing reports in the computer system. Cash guests' personal checks and traveler's checks. Count bank at the beginning and end of shift. Balance and drop receipts according to Accounting specifications.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Front Desk Agent job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21036299?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 