---
title: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Guest Relations Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-23 
excerpt: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Guest Relations Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Guest Relations Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Guest Relations Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Guest Relations Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Guest Relations Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 19, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21024187<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi, PO Box 199, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> The Ritz-Carlton<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    At more than 80 award-winning properties worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen create experiences so exceptional that long after a guest stays with us, the experience stays with them. As the premier worldwide provider of luxury experiences, we set the standard for rare and special luxury service the world over. We invite you to explore The Ritz-Carlton.    </div><br></div><div> Respond to any questions from guests, and follow up with guests to ensure their requests have been met to their satisfaction. Take and confirm reservations and cancellations. Supply guests with information regarding property amenities, services, room features, and local areas of interest and activities. Respond to guest requests for special arrangements or services (e.g., spa services, transportation, religious services, babysitting, financial services, business center services, interpretation services, reservations, dry cleaning, entertainment/sporting events, shopping) by making arrangements or identifying appropriate providers. Contact appropriate individual or department as necessary to resolve guest requests. Collaborate with management to develop and carry-out ideas and procedures, and set goals to continuously improve department performance. Assign and ensure work tasks are completed on time and that they meet appropriate quality standards. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets; protect the privacy and security of guests and coworkers. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests' service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Guest Relations Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21024187?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 