---
title: " Malaysia Only Job Vacancies 2021 - Complex Director of Engineering" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-16 
excerpt: " Malaysia Only job vacancies 2021 for Complex Director of Engineering position. Jawatan kosong  Malaysia Only terkini untuk kekosongan Complex Director of Engineering." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Malaysia Only job vacancies 2021 for Complex Director of Engineering position. Jawatan kosong  Malaysia Only terkini untuk kekosongan Complex Director of Engineering. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Complex Director of Engineering 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 16, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21035807<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Langkawi, Jalan Pantai Beringin, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Provides a high level of property maintenance knowledge. Position has overall responsibility for maintaining the building, grounds and physical plant with particular attention towards safety, security and asset protection. Accountable for managing the budget, capital expenditure projects, preventative maintenance and energy conservation. Develops and implements strategies that will deliver products and services, which meet or exceed the needs and expectations of guests and employees while maximizing the financial performance. Responsible for maintaining standards and regulatory requirements. Leads the emergency response team for all facility issues.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 6 years experience in the engineering and maintenance or related professional area; technical training in HVAC-R/Electrical/Plumbing.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Building and Construction, Engineering, Mechanics, or related major; 4 years experience in the engineering and maintenance or related professional area; technical training in HVAC-R/Electrical/Plumbing.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Engineering Operations and Budgets</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works with property and regional engineering leadership team to determine how Engineering is performing against budget and highlights areas of concern to leadership.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages the physical plant including equipment, refrigeration, HVAC, plumbing, water treatment and electrical systems in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Administers service contracts to support property needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures fire crew has complete understanding of all procedures, equipment and alarms.</p> <p>&#8226; Coaches and supports engineering leadership team to effectively manage controllable expenses (e.g., wages, heat, light and power, water consumption, tools and equipment, grounds keeping supplies, uniforms, vendors, service agreements, inventory, etc.).</p> <p>&#8226; Manages and controls heat, light and power.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops an engineering operating strategy that is aligned with the property/brand&#8217;s business strategy.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops and manages Engineering budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures integration of departmental goals in game plans.</p> <p>&#8226; Oversees execution of long term preventative maintenance and 10 year asset protection plans.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews financial reports and statements to determine how Engineering is performing against budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Addresses potential areas of concern and proposing solutions to owners in a proactive manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates a clear and consistent message regarding departmental goals to produce desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises construction to ensure timely completion of projects within budgetary guidelines.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Engineering Standards</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with state, local and federal regulations.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains property life safety systems (e.g., fire fighting equipment, sprinkler systems, and alarm systems).</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures building and equipment licenses, permits and certifications are current.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Profitability</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Manages areas of operation to budget by reviewing operating statements, budget worksheets and payroll progress reports.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors and manages the payroll function.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages department's controllable expenses to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the development of department's capital expenditure goals; manages projects as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the budgeting process for areas of responsibility.</p> <p>&#8226; Prepares weekly and period end P&amp;L critiques.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of department's operation on the overall property financial goals; educates staff on details as appropriate.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews and manages controllable expenses such as, heat, light, power, water consumption, tools and equipment, grounds keeping supplies, uniforms, vendors, service agreements, etc.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are treated fairly and equitably.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and support the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes employee feedback and an &#8220;open door&#8221; policy to identify and address employee problems or concerns in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes by publicly recognizing the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Resolves guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Brings issues to the attention of Human Resources as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that regular on-going communication takes place throughout the engineering operation to communicate daily operations activities, set expectations and create awareness of business objectives.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Complex Director of Engineering job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21035807?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 