---
title: "Food & Beverage Job Vacancies 2021 - Asst Mg" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Food & Beverage job vacancies 2021 for Asst Mg position. Jawatan kosong Food & Beverage terkini untuk kekosongan Asst Mg." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Food & Beverage job vacancies 2021 for Asst Mg position. Jawatan kosong Food & Beverage terkini untuk kekosongan Asst Mg. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Asst Mg 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 30, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21068373<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Kuala Lumpur, 199 Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Position responsible for assigned food and beverage/culinary operations. Oversees guest and employee satisfaction, maintaining standards and meeting or exceeding financial goals.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 3 years experience in the food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Food Service Management, Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 1 year experience in the food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Food and Beverage Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Creates and nurtures a property environment that emphasizes motivation, empowerment, teamwork, continuous improvement and a passion for providing service.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service to all employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds quickly and proactively to employee's concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses coaching skills throughout the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates self confidence, energy and enthusiasm.</p> <p>&#8226; Motivates and encourages staff to solve guest and employee related concerns.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds quickly and proactively to guest's concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the brand's service culture.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets service expectations for all guests internally and externally.</p> <p>&#8226; Takes ownership of a guest complaint/problem until it is resolved or it has been addressed by the appropriate manager or employee.</p> <p>&#8226; Follows up to ensure complaints have been addressed to the guest's satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops a relationship with all guests to build repeated clientele internally and externally.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities as Assigned</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Complies with all corporate accounting procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists GM as needed with annual Quality audit.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Asst Mg job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21068373?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 