---
title: "Element Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Maintenance Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-16 
excerpt: "Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Maintenance Manager position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Maintenance Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Maintenance Manager position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Maintenance Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Maintenance Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 16, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21022448<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> Element Kuala Lumpur, Ilham Tower, 8 Jalan Binjai, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Element Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br>At Element, we believe that travelers deserve more than a place to stay. They need a place to thrive, where they can start every day fresh, focused, feeling alive. Whether they&#8217;re stopping by for a few days or settling in for a few weeks, time away from home shouldn&#8217;t mean time away from life. Our travelers recognize and appreciate our approachable, multidimensional staff, and we are energized by helping them find their own space in Element. We help our guests live life away as they do at home, no matter how long they stay. If you&#8217;re an active optimist who doesn&#8217;t second guess connecting with like-minded guests and creating a balanced space for yourself and those around you, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Element.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assists department head in managing budget, capital expenditures, preventative maintenance and energy conservation. Accountable for maintaining the building and grounds with particular attention towards safety, security and asset protection. Assigns, tracks and follows up on status of work assigned to staff and contractors. Helps to increase guest and employee satisfaction through effective communications and training.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the engineering and maintenance or related professional area; technical training in HVAC-R/electrical/plumbing.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Building and Construction, Engineering, Mechanics, or related major; 2 years experience in the engineering and maintenance or related professional area; technical training in HVAC-R/electrical/plumbing.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVIITES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting management of Property Operations </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supervises distribution of repair work orders.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in effectively planning, scheduling and evaluating preventative maintenance programs.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors timeliness and quality of completion of repair work orders.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises Engineering and related areas in absence of the Director of Engineering.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in managing the physical plant including equipment, refrigeration, HVAC, plumbing, water treatment, electrical and life safety systems.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that regular on-going communication occurs with employees in order to create awareness of business objectives, communicate expectations and recognize performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Recommends or arranges for additional services such as painting, repair work, renovations, and the replacement of furnishings and equipment.</p> <p>&#8226; Selects and order or purchase new equipment, supplies, and furnishings.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises the day to day operations of Engineering and related departments.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Property Standards</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Inspect and evaluate the physical condition of facilities in order to determine the type of work required.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains accurate logs and records as required.</p> <p>&#8226; Operates generators and fire pumps as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides emergency response services 24/7.</p> <p>&#8226; Repairs equipment (e.g., refrigeration, laundry) as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all employees have the proper supplies, equipment and uniforms.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Helps train employees in safety procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports a departmental orientation program for employees to receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates performance expectations in accordance with job descriptions for each position.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and support the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists as needed in the interviewing and hiring of employee team members with the appropriate skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the employee performance appraisal process, providing feedback as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses all available on the job training tools for employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational needs and financial objectives are met.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Maintenance Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21022448?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 