---
title: "Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang Job Vacancies 2021 - Steward Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang job vacancies 2021 for Steward Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang terkini untuk kekosongan Steward Supervisor." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang job vacancies 2021 for Steward Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang terkini untuk kekosongan Steward Supervisor. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Steward Supervisor 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 29, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21067589<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Fairfield Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang, Jalan Datuk Haji Eusoff off Jalan Pahang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott allows guests to travel with confidence by giving them just what they need at an exceptional value. As a member of our team you'll deliver outstanding service so travel is easy, comfortable and productive for our guests. Find Your World&#8482; at Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott.</p><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Organize cleaning chemicals and supplies. Organize supply rack, including pots, pans, serving spoons, utensils, etc. Rotate stock, bringing wares from storage bin or areas into kitchen. Complete cleaning checklists to determine appropriate timelines for cleaning and sanitizing. Collect dirty pans from the cooking line and transport to pot station for cleaning. Clean and maintain sanitation areas and organize cleaning supplies including hanging up mops and brooms. Clean and maintain loading dock areas. Clean ceiling, walls, and vents in dish room. Ensure clean wares are stored appropriately. Operate and maintain cleaning equipment and tools, including the dish washing machine, hand wash stations pot-scrubbing station, and trash compactor.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance needs, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Steward Supervisor job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21067589?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 