---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Security Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-23 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Security Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Security Supervisor." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Security Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Security Supervisor. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Security Supervisor 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 22, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21024716<br><b>Job Category</b> Loss Prevention &amp; Security<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Conduct key control audit, monitor electronic key boxes, issue/receive master keys, radios, and beepers; ensure the safekeeping of these items. Patrol all areas of the property; assist guests with room access. Monitor Closed Circuit Televisions and alarm systems. Respond to accidents, contact EMS or administer first aid/CPR as required. Assist guests/employees during emergency situations. Notify appropriate individuals in the event of accidents, attacks, or other incidents. Defuse guest/employee disturbances. Call for outside assistance if necessary. Complete incident reports to document all Security/Loss Prevention related incidents. Resolve safety hazard situations. Escort unwelcome persons from the property. Report to scenes of vehicle accidents/thefts. Call for assistance using proper code responses. Complete a Loss Prevention shift summary/daily activity report. Maintain confidentiality of all reports/documents; release information only to authorized individuals. Provide proper paperwork to employees requiring outside medical treatment. Type, proofread, and copy security reports. Assist management in training and motivating; serve as a role model. Assign and ensure work tasks are completed on time.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure quality assurance expectations and standards. In addition, some states may have additional licensing/registration requirements to be considered for this position. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Move at a speed required to respond to work situations (e.g., run, walk, jog). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and objects weighing in excess of 75 pounds with assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Security Supervisor job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21024716?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 