---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Linen Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-21 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Linen Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Linen Attendant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Linen Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Linen Attendant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Linen Attendant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 21, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21037683<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Run sold room reports, verify room status, determine discrepant rooms, prioritize room cleaning, and update status of departing guest rooms. Assist Housekeeping management in managing daily activities. Act as a liaison to coordinate the efforts of Housekeeping, Engineering, Front Office, and Laundry. Document and resolve issues with discrepant rooms with the Front Desk. Prepare and distribute room assignments to Housekeeping staff. Record, monitor, and update list of &#8216;Do Not Disturb' rooms. Ensure that vacant dirty rooms are cleaned by the necessary time and assign rush rooms and rooms previously on the &#8216;Do Not Disturb' list. Complete required Housekeeping paperwork.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely. Enter and locate work-related information using computers. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Linen Attendant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21037683?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 