---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru (Kuala Lumpur Based) Job Vacancies 2021 - Sales Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-20 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru (Kuala Lumpur Based) job vacancies 2021 for Sales Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru (Kuala Lumpur Based) terkini untuk kekosongan Sales Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru (Kuala Lumpur Based) job vacancies 2021 for Sales Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru (Kuala Lumpur Based) terkini untuk kekosongan Sales Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Sales Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 19, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21036304<br><b>Job Category</b> Sales &amp; Marketing<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p><strong>HOTEL INFORMATION</strong></p> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>The position is accountable for proactively soliciting and handling sales opportunities. Ensures business is turned over properly and in a timely fashion for proper service delivery. Assists in leading all day-to-day activities related to sales with a focus on building long-term, value-based customer relationships that enable achievement of sales objectives. Achieves personal sales goals.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Business Administration, Marketing, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 3 years experience in the sales and marketing or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Marketing, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 1 year experience in the sales and marketing or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Building Successful Relationships that Generate Sales Opportunities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works collaboratively with off-property sales channels to ensure sales efforts are coordinated, complementary and not duplicative.</p> <p>&#8226; Builds and strengthens relationships with existing and new customers to enable future bookings. Activities include sales calls, entertainment, FAM trips, trade shows, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops relationships within community to strengthen and expand customer base for sales opportunities.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages and develops relationships with key internal and external stakeholders.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides accurate, complete and effective turnover to Event Management.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Sales Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Participates in sales calls with members of sales team to acquire new business and/or close on business.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes and supports the operational aspects of business booked (e.g., generating proposal, writing contract, customer correspondence).</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Using Knowledge of Market Trends and Target Customer Information to Maximize Revenue</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Identifies new business to achieve personal and location revenue goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the overall market - competitors&#8217; strengths and weaknesses, economic trends, supply and demand etc. and knows how to sell against them.</p> <p>&#8226; Closes the best opportunities for the location based on market conditions and location needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Gains understanding of the location&#8217;s primary target customer and service expectations; serves the customer by understanding their business, business issues and concerns, to offer better business solution.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Customer Service </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supports the company&#8217;s service and relationship strategy, driving customer loyalty by delivering service excellence throughout each customer experience.</p> <p>&#8226; Services our customers in order to grow share of the account.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes and supports the company&#8217;s customer service standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service consistent with the daily service basics of the company.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Sales Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21036304?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 