---
title: "Restaurants Job Vacancies 2021 - AsstMg" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-07 
excerpt: "Restaurants job vacancies 2021 for AsstMg position. Jawatan kosong Restaurants terkini untuk kekosongan AsstMg." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Restaurants job vacancies 2021 for AsstMg position. Jawatan kosong Restaurants terkini untuk kekosongan AsstMg. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- AsstMg 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 07, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21031540<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel, Lot G-23A, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Areas of responsibility include Restaurants/Bars and Room Service, if applicable. Assists in the daily supervision restaurant operations and assists with menu planning, maintains sanitation standards and assists servers and hosts on the floor during peak meal periods. Strives to continually improve guest and employee satisfaction. Determines training needed to accomplish goals, then implements plan.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Food Service Management, Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 2 years experience in the food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Management of Restaurant Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Handles employee questions and concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors employees to ensure performance expectations are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides feedback to employees based on observation of service behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in supervising daily shift operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises restaurant and all related areas in the absence of the Director of Restaurants or Restaurant Manager.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in department meetings by communicating a clear and consistent message regarding the departmental goals to produce desired results.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Day-to-Day Restaurant Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all employees have proper supplies, equipment and uniforms.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates to Chef and Restaurant Manager any issues regarding food quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all restaurant policies, standards and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors alcohol beverage service in compliance with local laws.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs all duties of restaurant employees and related departments as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Opens and closes restaurant shifts.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational needs and financial objectives are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages employees to provide excellent customer service within guidelines.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest problems and complaints, seeking assistance from supervisor as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the review of comment cards and guest satisfaction results with employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Meets and greets guests.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supervises on-going training initiatives.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses all available on the job training tools for employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates performance expectations in accordance with job descriptions for each position.</p> <p>&#8226; Coaches and counsels employees regarding performance on an on-going basis.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists servers and hosts on the floor during meal periods and high demand times.</p> <p>&#8226; Recognizes good quality products and presentations.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises daily shift operations in absence of Restaurant Manager.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this AsstMg job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21031540?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 