---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Housekeeping Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-01 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Housekeeping Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Housekeeping Attendant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Housekeeping Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Housekeeping Attendant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Housekeeping Attendant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 01, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21016322<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Stesen Sentral &amp; Jalan Travers, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make</strong></p> <p>When a guest walks into any of our rooms &#8211; imagine that first look around they take. Followed by that sigh of relief because they&#8217;ve arrived to their home away from home, be it for a night or a week, and it&#8217;s perfect. Everything is exactly in its place.</p> <p>Crisp, pressed linens. Perfectly placed pillows. A sparkling mirror. Every detail adding up to an experience our guests feel great about because they know they&#8217;re in good hands while staying with us. That&#8217;s the impact you make with your efforts, which become even bigger when those experiences add up and create a loyal customer.</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll do</strong></p> <ul> <li>Replace guest amenities and supplies in rooms</li> <li>Make beds and fold sheets</li> <li>Remove trash, dirty linens and room service items</li> <li>Greet guests and take care of requests</li> <li>Straighten desk items, furniture and appliances</li> <li>Dust, polish and remove marks from walls and furnishings</li> <li>Vacuum carpets and floor care duties</li> </ul> <p><strong>Perks you deserve</strong></p> <p>We&#8217;ll support you in and out of the workplace by offering:</p> <ul> <li>Team-spirited coworkers</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> </ul> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <ul> <li>A warm, people-oriented demeanor</li> <li>A team-first attitude</li> <li>A gift for paying attention to the smallest details</li> </ul> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional demeanor, clear communication and appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p><strong>You&#8217;re welcome here</strong></p> <p>Our highest priority is making you feel as welcome as our guests. We want you to know you&#8217;re important to us and that you&#8217;ll make an impact in your role, and for that, you&#8217;ll be appreciated and valued.</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Housekeeping Attendant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21016322?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 