---
title: "Le Méridien Putrajaya Job Vacancies 2021 - Food & Beverage Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-17 
excerpt: "Le Méridien Putrajaya job vacancies 2021 for Food & Beverage Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong Le Méridien Putrajaya terkini untuk kekosongan Food & Beverage Supervisor." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Le Méridien Putrajaya job vacancies 2021 for Food & Beverage Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong Le Méridien Putrajaya terkini untuk kekosongan Food & Beverage Supervisor. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Food & Beverage Supervisor 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 17, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21023188<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Le M&#233;ridien Putrajaya, Lebuh IRC, Putrajaya, Selangor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Le M&#233;ridien<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Le M&#233;ridien, we believe in helping guests unlock the unexpected and engaging experiences each destination has to offer. Our guests are curious and creative, cosmopolitan, culture seekers that appreciate sophisticated, timeless service. We provide original, chic and memorable service and experiences that inspire guests to unlock the destination. We&#8217;re looking for curious, creative and well-informed people to join our team. If you appreciate connecting with like-minded guests and have a deep desire to create unexpected experiences, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Le M&#233;ridien.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Ensure staff is working together as a team to ensure optimum service and that guest needs are met. Inspect grooming and attire of staff, and rectify any deficiencies. Complete opening and closing duties including setting up necessary supplies and tools, cleaning all equipment and areas, locking doors, etc. Inspect storage areas for organization, use of FIFO, and cleanliness. Complete scheduled inventories and stock and requisition necessary supplies. Monitor dining rooms for seating availability, service, safety, and well being of guests. Complete work orders for maintenance repairs.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; and serve as a role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/Open Door Policy process. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; and identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Food & Beverage Supervisor job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21023188?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 