---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Executive Housekeeper" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-08 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Executive Housekeeper position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Executive Housekeeper." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Executive Housekeeper position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Executive Housekeeper. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Executive Housekeeper 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21029544<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Hotel Description</strong></p> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assists in the oversight of the daily shift operations of Housekeeping, Recreation/Health Club and, if applicable, Laundry. Works with employees to ensure property guestrooms, public space and employee areas are clean and well maintained. Completes inspections and holds people accountable for corrective action. Position assists in ensuring guest and employee satisfaction while maintaining the operating budget.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 1 year experience in the housekeeping or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Managing Housekeeping Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures guest room status is communicated to the Front Desk in a timely and efficient manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Works effectively with the Engineering department on guestroom maintenance needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises the property general cleaning schedule.</p> <p>&#8226; Obtains list of rooms to be cleaned immediately and list of prospective check-outs or discharges to prepare work assignments.</p> <p>&#8226; Inventories stock to ensure adequate supplies.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the supervision of daily Housekeeping shift operations and ensures compliance with all housekeeping policies, standards and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the ordering of guestroom supplies, cleaning supplies and uniforms.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports and supervises an effective inspection program for all guestrooms and public space.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates areas that need attention to staff and follows up to ensure understanding.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all employees have proper supplies, equipment and uniforms.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Departmental Costs</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the management of the department&#8217;s controllable expenses to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of department&#8217;s operations on the overall property financial goals and objectives and manages to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Comprehends budgets, operating statements and payroll progress reports as needed to assist in the financial management of department.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Participates as needed in the investigation of employee accidents.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational needs, and financial objectives are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees understand expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently, disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and support the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and provides feedback to individuals.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses all available on the job training tools to train new room attendants and provide follow-up training as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the employee performance appraisal process, providing feedback as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists as needed in the interviewing and hiring of employee team members with the appropriate skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports a departmental orientation program for employees to receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in employee progressive discipline procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Executive Housekeeper job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21029544?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 