---
title: "Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre Job Vacancies 2021 - Duty Manager ( Front Office)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-21 
excerpt: "Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Duty Manager ( Front Office) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Duty Manager ( Front Office)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Duty Manager ( Front Office)</b>. 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Report directly to the Front Office Manager and concurrently responsible to the General Manager on all matters of importance affecting guest services and general hotel operations.&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>Co-ordinate and co-operate with all other departments as and when required and has a good working relationship with all Heads of Department and the Sales and Marketing team.</li><li>&#183;Has a strong relationship and interaction with all hotel guests, visitors and members of the local community.</li><li>Handle all levels of associates professionally.</li><li>The Duty Manager should present himself/herself as a senior representative of managers in the handling of all guest requests and complaints concerning services affecting the hotel operations.</li><li>&#160;Assist, help and supervise the Reception, Reservation and call centre.</li><li>Ensure there is a healthy and strong communication link between the various Front Office divisions and other departments.</li><li>&#160;Is responsible for ensuring all guests are offered a faultless and speedy check-in, with the emphasis being that all guests are pre-registered and checked-in, in their respective rooms.</li><li>Should assist and help when groups, incentive bookings, VIPs special guests or banquet guests arrive.&#160;Must ensure all facilities are ready to check on details of the arrangements.</li><li>Should assist in checking VIP, regular guest and CIP (Commercially Important People) details, the accuracy of guest billings, credit policies and other visitation details.</li><li>&#183;VIP, Regular guest &amp; CIP :</li><li>&#216;&#160;Ensures all arrangements are in order prior to their arrival.</li><li>&#216;&#160;Welcomes and escorts them to their rooms as per the specified policy</li><li>&#216;&#160;Ensures that all checkout arrangements are handled smoothly and gives personal attention upon departure.</li><li>&#160;Should aim to check and assist the Front Office Assistant and housekeeping Supervisors in spot-checking a few rooms at random and all suites or speciality rooms that are to be occupied on the day.</li><li>Is responsible for maintaining a high quality standard of service offered and other guest service areas in the lobby.&#160;Should assist in these areas whenever necessary.</li><li>Is well versed on the functions for the day and VIP movements, if any. Coordinates with Security and Concierge on manning deployment and special instructions i.e. lift movement, red carpet set up and etc.</li><li>Reports directly to the&#160;Rooms Division Director and concurrently to the General Manager regarding important information, problems, complaints and the relevant actions taken, on and on-going basis throughout the day.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>The centrally located Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre is ideal for either business or leisure. Strategically positioned within of the Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre as well as major shopping malls. Novotel Kuala Lumpur City Centre features 295 rooms and extensive conferencing facilities for up to 250 delegates. This great Kuala Lumpur hotel also boast two tempting restaurants, a bar which serves drinks until late, a well equipped fitness centre, spa and outdoor swimming pool.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/duty-manager-front-office-4544272?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4544272" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 