---
title: " Staff Cafe Job Vacancies 2021 - Chef de Partie" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-17 
excerpt: " Staff Cafe job vacancies 2021 for Chef de Partie position. Jawatan kosong  Staff Cafe terkini untuk kekosongan Chef de Partie." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Staff Cafe job vacancies 2021 for Chef de Partie position. Jawatan kosong  Staff Cafe terkini untuk kekosongan Chef de Partie. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Chef de Partie 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 17, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21035836<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3 Desaru Coast Bandar Penawar, Desaru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Prepare special meals or substitute items. Regulate temperature of ovens, broilers, grills, and roasters. Pull food from freezer storage to thaw in the refrigerator. Ensure proper portion, arrangement, and food garnish. Maintain food logs. Monitor the quality and quantity of food that is prepared. Communicate assistance needed during busy periods. Inform Chef of excess food items for use in daily specials. Inform Food &amp; Beverage service staff of menu specials and out of stock menu items. Ensure the quality of the food items. Prepare and cook food according to recipes, quality standards, presentation standards, and food preparation checklist. Prepare cold foods.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance needs, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Chef de Partie job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21035836?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 