---
title: "Inter Island Manpower Pte Ltd Job Vacancies 2021 - F&B Attendant - SGD 1500++ X 30pax" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-03 
excerpt: "Inter Island Manpower Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the F&B Attendant - SGD 1500++ X 30pax which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Inter Island Manpower Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>F&B Attendant - SGD 1500++ X 30pax</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Inter Island Manpower Pte Ltd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>F&B Attendant - SGD 1500++ X 30pax</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Descriptions:-</strong></div><ul><li>Assist fellow Team Members to perform preparation and setting up in the restaurants for food service and ensure all available amenities and utensils are properly stocked and inspected prior to service</li><li>Responsible for handling food and beverage orders and serving guest</li><li>Assist guests on their respective requests, conduct suggestive and up-selling, well-versed in all aspects of the menu</li><li>Provide friendly , excellent services to all guest</li><li>Handling all restaurant telephone and email reservation enquiries</li><li>All other administrative duties in the restaurant</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements:-</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Higher secondary/Pre-U/A level/College, Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Hospitality/Tourism/Hotel Management or equivalent.</li><li>No work experience required.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available</li></ul><div><strong>Remarks:-</strong></div><ul><li>Transport provided If work pass 12am</li><li>Able to work on shift(24hours Rotating shift)</li></ul><div>Registration Number : R1223237<br>INTER ISLAND MANPOWER PTE LTD<br>(Co Reg: 200810144N / EA License: 08C3257)<br>Please send your updated resume by clicking "<strong>Apply</strong>". Only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Welcome to the <strong>Inter Island Group</strong>.</div><div><br>We are a full-service employment expert specialising in the complete range of staffing services within and beyond the shores of Singapore. From foreign worker recruitment to permanent placement and executive search, our single-minded objective is to solve your employment needs professionally, speedily and effectively.</div><div>We ride on our operating philosophies of &#8220;Warmth, Integrity, Responsibility and Professionalism&#8221; &#8211; the cornerstones of our services &#8211; we are relentless in our pursuit of the ultimate customer experience, from pre to post recruitment. Our dedication lies not just in meeting your expectations, but in exceeding them; so as to make the stressful process of staffing easier, hassle-free and hopefully, enjoyable.</div><div>Our team of consultants are selected from some of the finest in various industries, intensively trained to embrace our operating philosophies. Workshops are conducted regularly to update and educate our consultants in the latest industry trends and knowledge to ensure delivery of real results to companies and individuals who have come to count on us for your recruitment needs.</div><div>Benefiting from the far-reaching footprint of the Inter Island Group, we are further supported by a robust network of recruitment partners and branches globally in Taiwan, China, Malaysia, Macau and Vietnam.</div><div>Together, our inherent workforce and established partners work closely and meticulously to manage the entire recruitment process; from pursuing, matching, short-listing, analysing, screening, to finally determining the right candidates with the right skill sets and attitudes. The result: a mutually-benefiting scenario for our clients and the talents. We aim to deliver exceptional services!</div><div>Inter Island Manpower Pte Ltd EA License: 08C3527<br>&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/f-b-attendant-sgd-1500-x-30pax-8274465/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8274465&sectionRank=2&token=0~398720b3-860b-41a4-8074-933fec256456&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 