---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Waiter/ Waitress" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-25 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Waiter/ Waitress position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Waiter/ Waitress." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Waiter/ Waitress position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Waiter/ Waitress. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Waiter/ Waitress 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 25, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21002314<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Stesen Sentral &amp; Jalan Travers, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Complete closing duties, including storing all reusable goods, breaking down goods, cleaning all equipment and areas, returning equipment to proper locations, locking refrigerators, restocking items, turning off lights, locking doors, and completing daily cleaning checklist. Set up, stock, and maintain work areas. Inspect the cleanliness and presentation of all china, glass, and silver prior to use. Maintain cleanliness of work areas throughout the day, practicing clean-as-you-go procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Waiter/ Waitress job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21002314?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 