---
title: " Supervisor - Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Laundry & Valet" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-08 
excerpt: " Supervisor - Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Laundry & Valet position. Jawatan kosong  Supervisor - Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Laundry & Valet." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Supervisor - Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Laundry & Valet position. Jawatan kosong  Supervisor - Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Laundry & Valet. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Laundry & Valet 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21029779<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Hotel Description</strong></p> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Complete inventory of uniforms and linens. Conduct monthly inventory of laundry supplies. Report faulty equipment, maintenance needs, and safety hazards to manager/supervisor. Train employees on all laundry procedures, including safety procedures and equipment operation. Verify that laundry requests are completed for each department as needed. Operate and monitor washing, dry cleaning, and drying machinery. Inspect linens and terry for damage.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. . Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Laundry & Valet job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21029779?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 