---
title: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Guest Service Agent" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-11 
excerpt: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Guest Service Agent position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Guest Service Agent." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Guest Service Agent position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Guest Service Agent. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Guest Service Agent 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 11, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21045514<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel, Jalan Utara C, Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Sheraton Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Sheraton, we go above and beyond in everything we do. We are inspired by our guests and one another &#8211; and are driven to make things better. We love what we do, and we give it all we&#8217;ve got &#8211; on property and off. When guests stay with us, it&#8217;s not just a room with a bed that they&#8217;re buying. It&#8217;s an experience. We&#8217;re looking for someone who is ready to go beyond in everything they do. If you are someone with a genuine drive to improve your life and the lives of those around you, we encourage you to explore careers with Sheraton.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all guest check-ins, check-outs, room assignments, and room change/late check-out requests. Secure payment; activate/reissue room keys. Ensure rates match market codes, document exceptions. Verify/adjust billing for guests. Communicate to appropriate staff when guests are waiting for an available room. Advise guest of messages. Clear departures in computer system. Coordinate with Housekeeping to track room status and guest concerns. File guest paperwork or documentation. Operate telephone switchboard station. Run and check daily reports, contingency lists, and credit card authorization reports. Supply guests with directions and information. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, requests, questions, or concerns; follow up to ensure each has been met to guests&#8217; satisfaction. Arrange transportation for guests/visitors. Count and secure bank at beginning and end of shift. Cash-guests' checks, process all payment types, vouchers, paid-outs, charges, and provide change. Notify Loss Prevention/Security of any reports of theft.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of employees. Comply with quality assurance standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Guest Service Agent job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21045514?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 