---
title: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi Job Vacancies 2021 - Room Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-12 
excerpt: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Room Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Room Attendant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Room Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Room Attendant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Room Attendant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jul 12, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21073903<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi, Jalan Pantai Kok, Teluk Nibung, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> The Ritz-Carlton<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    At more than 80 award-winning properties worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen create experiences so exceptional that long after a guest stays with us, the experience stays with them. As the premier worldwide provider of luxury experiences, we set the standard for rare and special luxury service the world over. We invite you to explore The Ritz-Carlton.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Respond promptly to requests from guests and other departments. Fill cart with supplies and transport cart to assigned area. Enter guest rooms following procedures for gaining access and ensuring vacancy before entering. Replace guest amenities and supplies in rooms. Replace dirty linens and terry with clean items. Make beds and fold terry. Clean bathrooms. Remove trash, dirty linen, and room service items. Check that all appliances are present in the room and in working order. Straighten desk items, furniture, and appliances. Dust, polish, and remove marks from walls and furnishings. Vacuum carpets and performs floor care duties (e.g., in guest rooms and hallway).</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications; properly store flammable materials. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance and in excess of 25 pounds with assistance. Ability to push and pull a loaded housekeeping cart and other work-related equipment over sloping and uneven surfaces. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Stand, sit, kneel, or walk for an extended period across an entire work shift. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Room Attendant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21073903?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 