---
title: "Ormond Group Job Vacancies 2021 - Duty Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-12 
excerpt: "Ormond Group is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Duty Manager which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ormond Group is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Duty Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Ormond Group 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Duty Manager</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>What Will You Do?</strong><div>You&#8217;ll be responsible for ensuring smooth running of Front Office daily operations while leading the team to maintain high standard of service and create exceptional experiences to all guest. We don&#8217;t go for long winded job descriptions &#8211; we all roll our sleeves up and get stuck in wherever needed &#8211; but here's an idea of how we see the role;</div><ul><li>Deals with the arrival and departure processes for all guests.</li><li>Deals with the in-house guests accounting and ensures the accuracy of guest billing.</li><li>Operationally manages during their shift to ensure guests are well cared for.</li><li>Ensures the accuracy of data in all systems and provides the necessary daily reports for all departments.</li><li>Manages the daily overbooking levels and liaises with all departments to ensure maximum occupancy.</li><li>Ensures all guests are quoted the correct rate as per the selling strategy and website.</li><li>Ensures all telephone calls are answered as quickly and efficiently as possible.</li><li>Maintaining observation over guests and guests&#8217; property to ensure security alerts are kept to a minimum.</li><li>Report any maintenance issues to the correct department and check to ensure the work has been completed.</li><li>Uses a wide range of coaching skills to ensure that the team are well motivated and informed of day to day activity.</li><li>Monitors the performance of the team, setting stretching but realistic objectives to ensure the team are well motivated.</li><li>Ensure the integrity of the public area and back of house areas are maintained at all times, with deficiencies corrected immediately.</li><li>Play an active role in the enhancement of the relationship between Front Office, Housekeeping and Maintenance and Front Office.</li><li>Be prepared to do anything deemed necessary for the smooth operations of the hotel or as instructed by the Hotel Manager/General Manager.</li></ul><div><strong>Who Must You Be?</strong></div><ul><li>This position could be either at Supervisor or Duty Manager level.</li><li>Able to work on shift.</li><li>You have previous experience in a customer-focused industry with leading or supervisory role.</li><li>You execute &#8211; you get things done.</li><li>You are scarily organized.</li><li>A sudden earthquake would not scare you.</li><li>You only associate pressure with cookers.</li><li>You are a people-centric leader. You can push and inspire individuals at the same time.</li><li>You can have in depth conversations about anything.</li><li>You have a passion to serve.</li><li>You are a huge people person &#8211; a natural host and promote a hospitable attitude!</li><li>You live and breathe Ormond values.</li><li>You take pride in how you look (of course, in accordance to societal standards).</li><li>Marie Kondo is one of your inspirations and you can tell if something sparks joy or not.</li><li>You can fire up all sides of your brain and multi-task.</li><li>Your alter ego is Mr/Mrs Positive.</li><li>You&#8217;re an Opera wiz and can take a lead role in the installation process.</li><li>You can spread your wings to fly on your own as well as flock with other members of the team.</li><li>You&#8217;re experienced with social media.</li><li>Language is your strong suit (English and Malay).</li><li>You are available to work when required including weekends, public holidays and at nights.</li></ul><div>It would be advantageous in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions</div>Previous role as a Senior Supervisor or Duty Manager in a similar quality hotel.<ul><li>A degree or diploma in Hotel Management or equivalent.</li><li>An in-depth knowledge of the hotel, leisure or service sector.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><h4>Additional Information</h4></div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Career Level</span></div><div><span>Non-Executive</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Qualification</span></div><div><span>Professional Certificate, Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Years of Experience</span></div><div><span>3 years</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Job Type</span></div><div><span>Full-Time</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Job Specializations</span></div><div><span>Hotel/Restaurant, Hotel/Tourism</span></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><h4>Additional Information</h4></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/duty-manager-4501012?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4501012" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 