---
title: "Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah Job Vacancies 2021 - Bars & Food Talent Coach (F&B Supervisor)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-30 
excerpt: "Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah job vacancies 2021 for Bars & Food Talent Coach (F&B Supervisor) position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah terkini untuk kekosongan Bars & Food Talent Coach (F&B Supervisor)." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah job vacancies 2021 for Bars & Food Talent Coach (F&B Supervisor) position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah terkini untuk kekosongan Bars & Food Talent Coach (F&B Supervisor). 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Bars & Food Talent Coach (F&B Supervisor) 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 28, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21026601<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah, Lot PT 701 Jalan Pantai Tengah Mukim Kedawang, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Aloft Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Aloft Hotels we&#8217;re wired for next generation travelers who love open spaces, open thinking, and open expression. Aloft provides a space where style is necessary, social scenes are vibrant, and where the only direction is forward. Our guests are tech savvy and confidently social, with an eclectic style they&#8217;re not afraid to show. We understand what our guests need, so we provide an affordable option for the tech-savvy design guru. We&#8217;re looking for innovative self-expressers who aren&#8217;t afraid to draw outside the lines. If you are someone who appreciates tech-forward features and vibrant social scenes, then we invite you to explore a career with Aloft Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Ensure staff is working together as a team to ensure optimum service and that guest needs are met. Inspect grooming and attire of staff, and rectify any deficiencies. Complete opening and closing duties including setting up necessary supplies and tools, cleaning all equipment and areas, locking doors, etc. Inspect storage areas for organization, use of FIFO, and cleanliness. Complete scheduled inventories and stock and requisition necessary supplies. Monitor dining rooms for seating availability, service, safety, and well being of guests. Complete work orders for maintenance repairs.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; and serve as a role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/Open Door Policy process. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; and identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Bars & Food Talent Coach (F&B Supervisor) job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21026601?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 