---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Banquet Services Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-08 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Banquet Services Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Banquet Services Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Banquet Services Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Banquet Services Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Banquet Services Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21029775<br><b>Job Category</b> Event Management<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Hotel Description</strong></p> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Directs and motivates team while personally assisting in providing high quality service based on requirements and standards. Monitors and controls financial and administrative responsibilities including asset protection. Provides clear and concise communications to everyone having ownership in the success of the event. Identifies training opportunities and plans a strategy to accomplish goals.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the event management, food and beverage, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Banquet Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Projects supply needs for the department, (e.g., china, glass, silver, buffet presentations, props).</p> <p>&#8226; Applies knowledge of all laws, as they relate to an event.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of Banquet operations on the overall success of an event and manages activities to maximize customer satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Adheres to and reinforces all standards, policies, and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains established sanitation levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages departmental inventories and maintains equipment.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses banquet beverage records to control liquor costs and manage the banquet beverage perpetual inventory.</p> <p>&#8226; Schedules banquet service staff to forecast and service standards, while maximizing profits.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists team in developing lasting relationships with groups to retain business and increase growth.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Participating in and Leading Banquet Teams</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Sets goals and delegates tasks to improve departmental performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts monthly department meetings with the Banquet team.</p> <p>&#8226; Applies and continually broadens knowledge of food and wine pairings and cutting edge cuisine with emphasis on current event trends.</p> <p>&#8226; Acts as a liaison to the kitchen staff.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads shifts and actively participates in the servicing of events.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring and Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees understand expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews comment cards and guest satisfaction results with employees.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Communicates and executes departmental and property emergency procedures and ensures staff are trained in safety procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and provides feedback to individuals.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors progress and leads discussion with staff each period.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the development and implementation of corrective action plans.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews quarterly Meeting Planner Survey results and participates in the development and implementation of corrective action to address service challenges; focuses on continuous improvement of guest satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends and participates in all pertinent meetings.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Banquet Services Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21029775?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 