---
title: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Human Resources Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-11 
excerpt: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Human Resources Executive position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Human Resources Executive." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Human Resources Executive position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Human Resources Executive. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Human Resources Executive 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 11, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21045592<br><b>Job Category</b> Human Resources<br><b>Location</b> Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel, Jalan Utara C, Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Sheraton Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Sheraton, we go above and beyond in everything we do. We are inspired by our guests and one another &#8211; and are driven to make things better. We love what we do, and we give it all we&#8217;ve got &#8211; on property and off. When guests stay with us, it&#8217;s not just a room with a bed that they&#8217;re buying. It&#8217;s an experience. We&#8217;re looking for someone who is ready to go beyond in everything they do. If you are someone with a genuine drive to improve your life and the lives of those around you, we encourage you to explore careers with Sheraton.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist and support management and the leadership team with handling and resolving Human Resources issues. Assist employees with internal and external transfer requests and procedures. Monitor and assist managers/supervisors with hiring processes and issues. Coordinate and conduct applicant drug screens, reference checks, background checks, motor vehicle checks, and social security number verification. Maintain applicant flow, drug screen, orientation and transfer request logs. Create and maintain new hire and personnel files and enter them into Human Resources Information Systems. Assist with orientation of new employees. Monitor all hiring and recruitment processes for compliance with all local, state, and federal laws and company policies and standards. Ensure accurate maintenance of all employee records and files (e.g., interview documents, I-9's). Support processing and maintenance of payroll records in accordance with policies and procedures, as necessary. Inform Human Resources management of issues related to employee relations within the division or property. Create and maintain filing systems. Generate Human Resources data reports as necessary Answer phone calls and record messages. Create and type office correspondence using computer. Serve as Human Resources subject matter expert and participate on project teams. Train new hires on Human Resources processes, programs, policies, information systems, etc.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Human Resources Executive job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21045592?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 