---
title: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Director of Marketing Communications" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-07 
excerpt: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Director of Marketing Communications position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Director of Marketing Communications." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Director of Marketing Communications position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Director of Marketing Communications. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Director of Marketing Communications 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 06, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21017264<br><b>Job Category</b> Public Relations &amp; Communications<br><b>Location</b> Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel, Jalan Utara C, Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Sheraton Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Sheraton, we go above and beyond in everything we do. We are inspired by our guests and one another &#8211; and are driven to make things better. We love what we do, and we give it all we&#8217;ve got &#8211; on property and off. When guests stay with us, it&#8217;s not just a room with a bed that they&#8217;re buying. It&#8217;s an experience. We&#8217;re looking for someone who is ready to go beyond in everything they do. If you are someone with a genuine drive to improve your life and the lives of those around you, we encourage you to explore careers with Sheraton.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Responsible for developing and implementing an ongoing media and community relations program to enhance the property's sales and marketing efforts in order to target market and reinforce the company identity. Provides crisis communications assistance to properties. Ensures information to the public and community is displayed correctly and effectively with the best opportunities for providing business. Develops and implements an ongoing, focused media and community relations program.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Marketing, Business Administration, or related major; 4 years experience in public relations, communications, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year degree from an accredited university in Marketing, Business Administration, or related major; 2 years experience in public relations, communications, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Building Brand and Property Awareness to Drive Revenue</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works collaboratively with local, regional and national resources to build awareness and increase exposure for the property and restaurants.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits new media outlets and travel media individuals.</p> <p>&#8226; Selects the best opportunities for the property based on market conditions and property needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses creative selling abilities to obtain maximum exposure through travel journalists and media outlets.</p> <p>&#8226; Increases awareness within the travel media community as well as coordinating events to gain exposures and grow revenue in the restaurant outlets.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains website content and updates website with new promotions in order to generate additional revenue.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages the hotel&#8217;s social media efforts, if applicable.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with online media outlets to promote the hotel.</p> <p>&#8226; Organizes and conducts all photo shoots for web site content.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates offers and information for all publications and inserts with regard to brand loyalty reward mailings.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops brochure and property collateral materials.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in all property imaging work (e.g., signage).</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures consistent brand and property message is communicated in all public relations and communications efforts.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures consistency in individual property's voice on all guest touch points and public relations and communications, not only following corporate graphic standards, but also on behalf of the individual property.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Building Successful Relationships</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Builds and strengthens relationships with existing and new travel writers and local media to ensure future exposure. Activities include calls, entertainment, FAM trips, trade shows, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops relationships within community to strengthen and expand customer base for sales opportunities and additional revenue.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages and develops relationships with key internal and external stakeholders.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts solicitation and maintenance calls to media.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops strong relationships with e-commerce vendors, media, and distribution channels to ensure quality, cost effective creative executions.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies and communicates with distribution channels that can sell distress inventory to drive property occupancy.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides all communications channels with creative and unique tools to assist in the public relations and communications of the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Acts as liaison between corporate and individual properties in rolling out programs and making sure that properties are taking advantage of all opportunities provided through corporate.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists property in developing promotions for various campaigns.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Developing and Coordinating Communication Efforts</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides accurate, complete and effective communications to visiting journalists, publicity or promotions.</p> <p>&#8226; Evaluates new public relations opportunities for the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops strategic public relations plan for property, includes group, leisure and local efforts.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages individual and group media visits.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies and coordinates community service activities in concert with the public image and needs of the resort.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides strategic counsel, issues statements and supports Executive Teams at properties.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates contracts as required for location photo shoots, trade agreements, etc. with appropriate approvals.</p> <p>&#8226; Directs creative print fulfillment; ensures corporate branding standards and legal compliances are met and incorporated into collateral.</p> <p>&#8226; Writes all hotel press releases and other content for print media and electronic media.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels; effectively responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and provides feedback to individuals and/or managers; continuously strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts site inspections with visiting journalists.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Keeps detailed files and records on all matters relative to property's public materials.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that property is following all corporate public relations guidelines.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Director of Marketing Communications job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21017264?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 