---
title: "Element Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Steward" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-22 
excerpt: "Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Steward position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Steward." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Steward position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Steward. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Steward 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 22, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21038228<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Element Kuala Lumpur, Ilham Tower, 8 Jalan Binjai, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Element Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Element, we believe that travelers deserve more than a place to stay. They need a place to thrive, where they can start every day fresh, focused, feeling alive. Whether they&#8217;re stopping by for a few days or settling in for a few weeks, time away from home shouldn&#8217;t mean time away from life. Our travelers recognize and appreciate our approachable, multidimensional staff, and we are energized by helping them find their own space in Element. We help our guests live life away as they do at home, no matter how long they stay. If you&#8217;re an active optimist who doesn&#8217;t second guess connecting with like-minded guests and creating a balanced space for yourself and those around you, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Element.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Operate and maintain cleaning equipment and tools, including the dish washing machine, hand wash stations pot-scrubbing station, and trash compactor. Wash and disinfect kitchen and store room areas, tables, tools, knives, and equipment. Receive deliveries, store perishables properly, and rotate stock. Ensure clean wares are stored in appropriate areas. Use detergent, rinsing, and sanitizing chemicals in the 3-compartment sink to clean dishes. Inspect, pull, and stack cleaned items, send soiled items back for re-scrubbing and re-washing. Rack and spray all racked items with hot water to loosen and remove food residue. Sort, soak, and wash/re-wash silverware. Breakdown dirty bus tubs. Empty and maintain trashcans and dumpster area. Clean and mop all areas in assigned departments. Dispose of glass in the proper containers. Break down cardboard boxes and place them and other recyclables in the recycle bin.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance needs, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Steward job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21038228?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 