---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Duty Technician" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-08 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Duty Technician position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Technician." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Duty Technician position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Technician. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Duty Technician 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21032227<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Hotel Description</strong></p> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Respond and attend to guest repair requests. Communicate with guests/customers to resolve maintenance issues with little to no supervision. Perform preventive maintenance on tools and equipment, including cleaning and lubrication. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Carry equipment (e.g., tools, radio). Identify, locate, and operate all shut-off valves for equipment and shut-offs for buildings. Maintain maintenance inventory and requisition parts and supplies as needed. Assure each day&#8217;s activities and problems that occur are communicated to the other shifts using approved communication programs and standards. Display proficiency in any one of the following categories, above average skills in two more of the following categories and basic skills in the remaining categories: air conditioning and refrigeration, electrical, mechanical, plumbing, pneumatic/electronic systems and controls, carpentry and finish skills, kitchen equipment, vehicles, energy conservation, and/or general building management. Display solid knowledge and skill in the safe use of hand and power tools and other materials required to perform repair and maintenance tasks. Display basic ability to repair or replace PVC copper pipe (including soldering). Troubleshoot and perform basic repair on all types of equipment (e.g., pump and motor replacement), plumbing (e.g., plunge toilets and unclog drains), electrical equipment including lamps, cosmetic items, extension cords, vacuum cleaners, internet devices, replace electrical switches and outlets, and other guestroom items. Program TV's and perform general housekeeping and engineering-related duties. Assist with surface preparation and painting, minor drywall and wood trim repair, light bulb and A/C filter replacement and the complete and thorough cleanup of the painting or repair area. Use the Lockout/Tagout system before performing any maintenance work. Display working knowledge of all engineering computer programs related to preventative maintenance, energy management, and other systems, including devices that interact with such programs. Perform mid-level troubleshooting of hotel Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing (MEP) systems. Display the ability to train and mentor other engineers (e.g., Engineer I). Display ability to perform Engineer on Duty responsibilities, including readings and rounds.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications; and properly store flammable materials. Ensure uniform and personal appearances are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Adhere to quality expectations and standards. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and heavier lifting or movement tasks with assistance. Move up and down stairs, service ramps, and/or ladders. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Enter and locate work-related information using computers. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Duty Technician job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21032227?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 