---
title: "Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah Job Vacancies 2021 - Ken Fix It Talent Coach (Engineering Supervisor)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-29 
excerpt: "Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah job vacancies 2021 for Ken Fix It Talent Coach (Engineering Supervisor) position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah terkini untuk kekosongan Ken Fix It Talent Coach (Engineering Supervisor)." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah job vacancies 2021 for Ken Fix It Talent Coach (Engineering Supervisor) position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah terkini untuk kekosongan Ken Fix It Talent Coach (Engineering Supervisor). 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Ken Fix It Talent Coach (Engineering Supervisor) 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 29, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21026582<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> Aloft Langkawi Pantai Tengah, Lot PT 701 Jalan Pantai Tengah Mukim Kedawang, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Aloft Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Aloft Hotels we&#8217;re wired for next generation travelers who love open spaces, open thinking, and open expression. Aloft provides a space where style is necessary, social scenes are vibrant, and where the only direction is forward. Our guests are tech savvy and confidently social, with an eclectic style they&#8217;re not afraid to show. We understand what our guests need, so we provide an affordable option for the tech-savvy design guru. We&#8217;re looking for innovative self-expressers who aren&#8217;t afraid to draw outside the lines. If you are someone who appreciates tech-forward features and vibrant social scenes, then we invite you to explore a career with Aloft Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Install, maintain, perform preventative maintenance on, and recommend replacement of tools, appliances, and equipment. Calibrate all controls, gauges, meters, etc. Identify, locate, and operate all shut-off valves. Order, mark, and stock parts and supplies as needed. Maintain inventory and purchase orders log. Inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Enter and locate work-related information using computers. Operate power lift. Complete the life safety checklist, including the fire-pump run test and generator run test. Inspect fire sprinkler valves and alarm systems. Assist in development of disaster response protocols. Respond and attend to guest repair requests.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional and maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, and assist individuals with disabilities. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; and identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Ken Fix It Talent Coach (Engineering Supervisor) job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21026582?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 