---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Kids Club Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-23 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Kids Club Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Kids Club Attendant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Kids Club Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Kids Club Attendant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Kids Club Attendant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 23, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21022411<br><b>Job Category</b> Golf, Fitness, &amp; Entertainment<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p> <b>POSITION SUMMARY</b> </p> <p> </p> <p>Personally contribute to the youth program&#8217;s team goal of providing fun, educational and caring services to the children of members and guests, in a warm and welcoming environment. Build rapport with and take a genuine interest in all children and parents utilizing the club&#8217;s child activity services. Participate in everyday activities such as organizing arts and crafts time, leading games, reading stories and singing songs. Promote the club&#8217;s youth programs and activities, and assist parents in program registration. Help keep facilities and equipment clean, neat and well maintained. </p> <p> </p> <p>Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Follow company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines; reach, bend, twist, pull, and stoop; move, lift, or carry objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds; stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. In addition some states may have additional licensing/registration requirements to be considered for this position. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested.</p> <p> <b> </b> </p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</i><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Kids Club Attendant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21022411?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 