---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - At Your Service Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-02 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for At Your Service Manager position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan At Your Service Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for At Your Service Manager position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan At Your Service Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- At Your Service Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 02, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21030006<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Stesen Sentral &amp; Jalan Travers, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Responsible for the successful functioning of the department. Major responsibility of the department is to receive all in-house and outside telephone calls and process requests professionally and correctly. This includes taking room service orders, receiving and processing all requests for additional items, directions, correcting any issues and, if necessary, forwarding calls on to appropriate areas. The Manager needs to ensure the agents&#8217; information is thorough and up-to-date. Accountable for tracking all guest requests and issues to use as process improvement tool. Strives to continually improve guest and employee satisfaction while maximizing the financial performance of the department.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Guest Services and Front Desk Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, ensures the quality, standards and meets the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles complaints, settles disputes, and resolves grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiates with others.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Projects and Policies</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Implements the customer recognition/service program, communicating and ensuring the process.</p> <p>&#8226; Tracks all guest issues from various sources and report results.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures guest requests/issues are logged.</p> <p>&#8226; Oversees the financial aspects of the department including purchasing and payment of invoices.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies trends in guest issues for resolution.</p> <p>&#8226; Schedules and supervise staff to ensure prompt, friendly, and attentive service.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises AYS agents and runners to ensure prompt and complete resolution of guest calls and requests.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates the process of receiving and resolving guest issues and requests.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Management of Guest Service Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages all day-to-day operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in recruitment, hiring, training, and orientation of department personnel.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that all department equipment is in proper working condition and that department areas and storerooms are clean.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs departmental administrative duties.</p> <p>&#8226; Addresses complaints and serves as Manager on Duty as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends meetings (e.g., front office supervisor meetings, operations meetings, forecast meetings, monthly department meetings, sales strategy, pre-con meetings).</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this At Your Service Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21030006?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 