---
title: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa Job Vacancies 2021 - Human Resources Officer ( Based In Mulu Marriott Resort & Spa )" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-26 
excerpt: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Human Resources Officer ( Based In Mulu Marriott Resort & Spa ) position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Human Resources Officer ( Based In Mulu Marriott Resort & Spa )." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Human Resources Officer ( Based In Mulu Marriott Resort & Spa ) position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Human Resources Officer ( Based In Mulu Marriott Resort & Spa ). 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Human Resources Officer ( Based In Mulu Marriott Resort & Spa ) 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 26, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21001720<br><b>Job Category</b> Human Resources<br><b>Location</b> Miri Marriott Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Temenggong Datuk Oyong Lawai, Miri, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Create and maintain filing systems. Create and type office correspondence using a computer. Distribute and route mail. Order and track Human Resources office supplies and forms. Answer phone calls and record messages. Create new employee personnel file. Assist walk-in candidates with application procedures. Maintain space designated for completing applications and ensure it is clean, well maintained, and accessible to individuals with disabilities. Respond to questions, requests, and concerns from employees and management regarding company and Human Resources programs, policies and guidelines. Inform Human Resources management of issues related to employee relations within the division or property. Maintain confidentiality and security of employee and property records, files, and information. Ensure accurate maintenance of all employee records and files (e.g., interview documents, I-9's).</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Human Resources Officer ( Based In Mulu Marriott Resort & Spa ) job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21001720?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 