---
title: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Technician" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-31 
excerpt: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Technician position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Technician." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Technician position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Technician. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Technician 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 31, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21028752<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Kuala Lumpur, 199  Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p> <b>POSITION SUMMARY</b> </p> <p> </p> <p>Inspect, repair, and maintain HVAC, air quality control, and refrigeration equipment. Maintain and conduct daily inspections of the mechanical plant. Monitor and control property temperature. Monitor and analyze energy and utilities usage. Calibrate all controls, gauges, meters, and other equipment. Assemble, install, test, repair, and maintain electrical systems or electronic wiring. Assemble, install, and maintain pipe assemblies, fittings, valves, etc. Perform routine pool and spa maintenance. </p> <p> </p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards and anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; and identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Reach overhead and below the knees. Move in confined or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces. Move up and down stairs, service ramps and/or a ladder. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight. Assist with moving, lifting, carrying, and placing of objects weighing in excess of 100 pounds. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p> </p> <p> <b> </b> </p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <i>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</i><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Technician job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21028752?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 