---
title: "Instahome Sdn Bhd Job Vacancies 2021 - Business Development Associate" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-19 
excerpt: "Instahome Sdn Bhd job vacancies 2021 for Business Development Associate position which based in Mid Valley City. Jawatan kosong Instahome Sdn Bhd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Business Development Associate penempatan di Mid Valley City" 
tags: [Mid Valley City] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Instahome Sdn Bhd job vacancies 2021 for Business Development Associate position which based in Mid Valley City. Jawatan kosong Instahome Sdn Bhd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Business Development Associate penempatan di Mid Valley City. 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Business Development Associate 
<div><p>Instahome is on a mission to make renting a home as easy as booking a hotel. We aim to provide a frictionless home rental experience for tenants, landlords and agents by digitising the whole rental journey. Instahome is backed by top-tier investors in South East Asia including Catcha Group, operator/investor of iProperty Group (ASX: IPP, acquired by REA Group), iCar Asia (ASX: ICQ), iflix (acquired by Tencent), Rev Asia (KLSE: REV, acquired by Media Prima), Common Ground and Frontier Digital Venture(ASX: FDV).<br>*<br>We are looking for a prolific business development Associate to scale our inventory supply (rental properties). The idea candidate has worked in the residential real estate industry and is able to empathise with the problem that we are tackling. You will play a critical role in driving the mass adoption of Instahome by agents, agencies and B2B partners.</p><p>If being part of a dynamic team that revolutionises the future of home rental sounds exciting to you, please get in touch!</p><p>*<br>*</p><p><b>RESPONSIBILITIES</b></p><ul><li>Build and maintain strategic business relationships with agents, agencies and B2B partners (collectively known as &#8220;partners&#8221;) to acquire listings. This involves both inbound and outbound acquisition.</li></ul><ul><li>Be an expert at presenting how Instahome helps partners find a good-quality tenant faster</li></ul><ul><li>Develop and execute actionable listing acquisition plan, including reaching out to agents daily (sales gallery, calling leads, engaging with agents, attend agency meetings)</li></ul><ul><li>Achieve and consistently exceed BD targets on the number of acquired listings</li></ul><ul><li>Follow-up on inbound listing leads</li></ul><ul><li>Build a pipeline of potential partners by running workshops and seminars</li></ul><ul><li>Deliver a smooth onboarding experience to our partners</li></ul><ul><li>Actively seek for testimonial and feedback from partners</li></ul><ul><li>Manage partner relationships after onboarding</li></ul><ul><li>Schedule meeting via Google Hangouts and Zoom</li></ul><ul><li>Assist in developing and drafting contracts for B2B partners</li></ul><ul><li>Provide weekly summary reports</li></ul><ul><li>Conduct service webinars to partners</li></ul><ul><li>Actively seek for ways to source for more partners</li></ul><p><b>REQUIREMENTS</b></p><ul><li>Candidates with at least 1 year experience in Sales, Business Development or related field. Fresh graduate are welcomed to apply.</li></ul><ul><li>Excellent written, verbal, non-verbal communication skills.</li></ul><ul><li>Mandatory language skills fluent in both English, and Mandarin</li></ul><ul><li>Logical thinking and strong problem solving skills.</li></ul><ul><li>Proven track record of successfully managing customer relationships</li></ul><ul><li>Proven ability to meet and exceed targets</li></ul><ul><li>Past experience of the industry, with the ability to become a subject matter expert on the job</li></ul><ul><li>Proficiency in Microsoft Office and Working Knowledge of CRM Systems</li></ul><ul><li>A result-oriented 'doer' with the ability to roll up their sleeves and get things done.</li></ul><ul><li>Self-motivated team player and able to work effectively in a fast-pace environment with minimal supervision; we are a small and largely autonomous team!</li></ul><ul><li>Nice-to-have</li></ul><ul><li>An existing renter/agent/landlord (we love team members who can empathise with our users)</li></ul><ul><li>Past experience in high growth startup</li></ul><p>*</p><p>Job Type: Full-time</p><p>Salary: RM2,800.00 - RM3,800.00 per month</p><p>Benefits:</p><ul><li>Cell phone reimbursement</li><li>Health insurance</li><li>Parental leave</li><li>Work from home</li></ul><p>Schedule:</p><ul><li>Monday to Friday</li></ul><p>Experience:</p><ul><li>Sales: 1 year (Preferred)</li></ul><p>COVID-19 Precaution(s):</p><ul><li>Remote interview process</li><li>Temperature screenings</li><li>Social distancing guidelines in place</li><li>Virtual meetings</li><li>Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place</li></ul></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Business Development Associate job online through Indeed Malaysia 
<a href="https://malaysia.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8f266912adb51866" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 