---
title: "Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Outlet Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-09 
excerpt: "Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Outlet Manager position. Jawatan kosong Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Outlet Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Outlet Manager position. Jawatan kosong Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Outlet Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Outlet Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 09, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21019654<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown, No 2 Jalan Balai Polis, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Position responsible for assigned food and beverage/culinary operations. Oversees guest and employee satisfaction, maintaining standards and meeting or exceeding financial goals.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 3 years experience in the food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Food Service Management, Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 1 year experience in the food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Food and Beverage Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Creates and nurtures a property environment that emphasizes motivation, empowerment, teamwork, continuous improvement and a passion for providing service.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service to all employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds quickly and proactively to employee's concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses coaching skills throughout the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates self confidence, energy and enthusiasm.</p> <p>&#8226; Motivates and encourages staff to solve guest and employee related concerns.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds quickly and proactively to guest's concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the brand's service culture.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets service expectations for all guests internally and externally.</p> <p>&#8226; Takes ownership of a guest complaint/problem until it is resolved or it has been addressed by the appropriate manager or employee.</p> <p>&#8226; Follows up to ensure complaints have been addressed to the guest's satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops a relationship with all guests to build repeated clientele internally and externally.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities as Assigned</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Complies with all corporate accounting procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists GM as needed with annual Quality audit.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Outlet Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21019654?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 