---
title: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa Job Vacancies 2021 - Accounts Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-13 
excerpt: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Accounts Executive position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Accounts Executive." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Accounts Executive position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Accounts Executive. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Accounts Executive 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 13, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21014253<br><b>Job Category</b> Finance &amp; Accounting<br><b>Location</b> Miri Marriott Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Temenggong Datuk Oyong Lawai, Miri, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Check figures, postings, and documents for accuracy. Organize, secure, and maintain all files, records, cash and cash equivalents in accordance with policies and procedures. Record, store, access, and/or analyze computerized financial information. Classify, code, and summarize numerical and financial data to compile and keep financial records, using journals, ledgers, and/or computers. Prepare, maintain, audit, and distribute statistical, financial, accounting, auditing, or payroll reports and tables. Complete period-end closing procedures and reports as specified. Prepare, review, reconcile, and issue bills, invoices, and account statements according to company procedures. Follow-up and resolve past due accounts and vendor invoices until payment in full is received or resolved.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Coordinate tasks and work with other departments; serve as a departmental role model or mentor; assign and ensure work tasks are completed on time and that they meet appropriate quality standards. Report work related accidents, or other injuries immediately upon occurrence to manager/supervisor. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Accounts Executive job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21014253?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 