---
title: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Accounts Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-10 
excerpt: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Accounts Officer position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Accounts Officer." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Accounts Officer position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Accounts Officer. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Accounts Officer 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jul 06, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21070893<br><b>Job Category</b> Finance &amp; Accounting<br><b>Location</b> Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel, No. 2, Jalan Permas 11, Bandar Baru Permas Jaya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Renaissance Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask "why" when given an explanation.&#160; Today, you bring your personal style to every experience.&#160; You live life to discover.&#160; You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn&#8217;t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you&#8217;re in the right place.&#160; You&#8217;ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours.&#160; That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re not just looking for anyone.&#160; We&#8217;re looking for someone like you.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Check figures, postings, and documents for accuracy. Organize, secure, and maintain all files, records, cash and cash equivalents in accordance with policies and procedures. Record, store, access, and/or analyze computerized financial information. Classify, code, and summarize numerical and financial data to compile and keep financial records, using journals, ledgers, and/or computers. Prepare, maintain, audit, and distribute statistical, financial, accounting, auditing, or payroll reports and tables. Complete period-end closing procedures and reports as specified. Prepare, review, reconcile, and issue bills, invoices, and account statements according to company procedures. Follow-up and resolve past due accounts and vendor invoices until payment in full is received or resolved.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Coordinate tasks and work with other departments; serve as a departmental role model or mentor; assign and ensure work tasks are completed on time and that they meet appropriate quality standards. Report work related accidents, or other injuries immediately upon occurrence to manager/supervisor. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Accounts Officer job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21070893?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 