---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Pastry Job Vacancies 2021 - Chef De Parti" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-13 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur Pastry job vacancies 2021 for Chef De Parti position. Jawatan kosong  Pastry terkini untuk kekosongan Chef De Parti." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur Pastry job vacancies 2021 for Chef De Parti position. Jawatan kosong  Pastry terkini untuk kekosongan Chef De Parti. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Chef De Parti 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 13, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21034137<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Prepare breads and pastries, including preparing doughs and fillings, proofing, baking, and decorating as appropriate. Review Production sheet to understand variety of baked goods to be produced daily. Prepare and cook food according to recipes, quality and presentation standards, and food prep checklists. Maintain kitchen logs for food safety program compliance. Keep Chef informed of excess food items for planning of daily specials. Safely and appropriately use baking and measuring tools/equipment/appliances to prepare baked foods. Follow and ensure compliance with food safety handling policies and procedures, including personal hygiene procedures. Check and ensure correct temperatures of kitchen appliances and food, and report issues to management. Monitor the quality of food prepared and portions served throughout shift.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model. Follow all company policies and procedures, including safety and security; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others and support team to reach common goals; handle sensitive issues with tact, respect, and confidentiality. Serve as a department role model or mentor. Comply with quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Chef De Parti job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21034137?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 