---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Director of Human Resources" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-07 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Director of Human Resources position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Director of Human Resources." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Director of Human Resources position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Director of Human Resources. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Director of Human Resources 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 07, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21031512<br><b>Job Category</b> Human Resources<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>The Director of Human Resources will report directly to the property General Manager, with a dotted-line (functional) reporting relationship to the Regional Senior Director of Human Resources and will be an integral member of the property executive committee. As a member of the Human Resources organization, he/she contributes a high level of human resource generalist knowledge and expertise for a designated property. He/she will be accountable for talent acquisition, succession/workforce planning, performance management and development for property employees, using technology efficiently, and coaching/developing others to help influence and execute business objectives in the most efficient manner. He/she generally works with considerable independence, developing processes to accomplish objectives in alignment with broader business objectives. Additionally, he/she utilizes a Human Resource Business Plan aligned with property and brand strategies to deliver HR services that enable business success.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Human Resources, Business Administration, or related major; 4 years experience in the human resources, management operations, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, or related major; 2 years experience in the human resources, management operations, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing the Human Resources Strategy</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Executes and follows-up on engagement survey related activities.</p> <p>&#8226; Champions and builds the talent management ranks in support of property and region diversity strategy.</p> <p>&#8226; Translates business priorities into property Human Resources strategies, plans and actions</p> <p>&#8226; Implements and sustains Human Resources initiatives at the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates the human capital review process at property(s) and leads succession planning activities on property and in the market, as appropriate.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads the assessment of property(s) leadership pipeline through the human capital review process and assists with follow-up.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates value through proactive approaches that will affect performance outcome or control cost.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors effective use of myHR by property managers and employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads and participates in succession management and workforce planning.</p> <p>&#8226; Responsible for Human Resources strategy and execution.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as key change manager for initiatives that have high employee impact.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends owners meetings as a member of the property executive committee and provides meaning or context to the Human Resources results (e.g., retention statistics, critical open positions, employee satisfaction, and training initiatives and results); and demonstrates an understanding of owner priorities.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises one or more on-property Human Resources, as well as market-based Human Resources Specialist type resources where appropriate.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Staffing and Recruitment Process</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes open positions to balance the development of existing talent and business needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as coach and expert facilitator of the selection and interviewing process.</p> <p>&#8226; Surfaces opportunities in work processes and staffing optimization.</p> <p>&#8226; Makes staffing decisions to manage the talent cadre and pipeline at the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops staffing strategy (in collaboration with hiring manager) relating to hiring practices; consults with hiring manager on compensation, benefits, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors sourcing process and outcomes of staffing process.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures managers are competent in assessing and evaluating hourly staff.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Employee Compensation Strategy</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Remains current and knowledgeable in the internal and external compensation and work competitive environments.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads the planning of the hourly employee total compensation strategy.</p> <p>&#8226; Champions the communication and proper use of total compensation systems, tools, programs, policies, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in quarterly internal equity analysis; reviews internal equity reports and surface issues needing resolution.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates and implement s total compensation management packages/offers, particularly recognition and incentive programs directed towards property priorities.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Staff Development Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures completion of the duties and responsibilities of the properties&#8217; Human Resources staff members, as outlined in applicable job description(s).</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property Human Resources staff is properly trained in all employee-related human resource information to appropriately respond to property employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as resource to property Human Resources staff on employee relations questions and issues.</p> <p>&#8226; Continually reinforces positive employee relations concepts.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Director of Human Resources job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21031512?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 