---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Stewarding Coach" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-15 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Stewarding Coach position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Stewarding Coach." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Stewarding Coach position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Stewarding Coach. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Stewarding Coach 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 15, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21035229<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Direct and assist Stewards in order to make clean up more efficient. Ensure water temperature, and chemical levels are appropriate for cleaning and documented. Assist with Banquet plate-ups. Assist cooks and kitchen staff with various tasks as needed. Provide cooks with needed items. Support banquet and buffet by transporting and ensuring adequate stock. Return cleaned items to proper locations. Operate and maintain cleaning equipment and tools, including the dish washing machine, hand wash stations pot-scrubbing station, and trash compactor.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Stewarding Coach job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21035229?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 