---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Boilerman" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-04 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Boilerman position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Boilerman." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Boilerman position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Boilerman. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Boilerman 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 04, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21042583<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, No 6 Jalan Stesen Sentral 2, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Boiler operators operate, repair, maintain, and adjust boilers, turbines, pumps, compressors, water lines, steam lines, valves, and all related systems and equipment. Install, maintain, perform preventative maintenance on, and recommend replacement of tools, appliances, and equipment. Calibrate all controls, gauges, meters, etc. Identify, locate, and operate all shut-off valves. Order, mark, and stock parts and supplies as needed. Maintain inventory and purchase orders log. Inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Enter and locate work-related information using computers. Operate power lift. Complete the life safety checklist, including the fire-pump run test and generator run test. Inspect fire sprinkler valves and alarm systems. Assist in development of disaster response protocols. Respond and attend to guest repair requests.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional and maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, and assist individuals with disabilities. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; and identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE</strong></p> <p>Certificate in Boilerman and at least 2 years of experience&#160;in related field.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Boilerman job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21042583?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 