---
title: "Front Office II Job Vacancies 2021 - Mg" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-26 
excerpt: "Front Office II job vacancies 2021 for Mg position. Jawatan kosong Front Office II terkini untuk kekosongan Mg." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Front Office II job vacancies 2021 for Mg position. Jawatan kosong Front Office II terkini untuk kekosongan Mg. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Mg 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 26, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21027224<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3 Desaru Coast Bandar Penawar, Desaru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Responsible for all front office functions and staff. Areas of responsibility include Bell Staff, Switchboard Operations, Guest Services/Front Desk and Retail/Gift Shop, as applicable. As a department head, directs and works with managers and employees to successfully execute all front office operations, including guest arrival and departure procedures. Strives to continually improve guest and employee satisfaction and maximize the financial performance of the department.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the guest services, front desk, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration or related major; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Guest Services Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and manages employees. Manages all day-to-day operations. Understands employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees and ensures employees do the same within the team.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures recognition of employees is taking place across areas of responsibility.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates performance expectations in accordance with job descriptions for each position and monitors progress.</p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes and publicly recognizes the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Guest Services and Front Desk Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Achieves and exceeds goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, ensuring the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Keeps Front Office team focused on the critical components of operations to drive guest satisfaction and the desired financial results.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts department meetings and continually communicates a clear and consistent message regarding the Front Office goals to produce desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational needs and financial objectives are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of Front Office operations on the Rooms area and overall property financial goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages department controllable expenses to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Projects and Policies</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all Front Office policies, standards and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently, disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and support the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and managing employees. Managing all day-to-day operations. Understanding employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Acts as the &#8220;Service Champion&#8221; for the Front Office and creates a positive atmosphere for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Displays leadership in guest hospitality, exemplifies excellent customer service, and creates a positive atmosphere for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that all Front Office areas have an atmosphere that is conducive to the overall guest experience.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews comment cards, guest satisfaction results and other data to identify areas of improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and provides feedback to individuals and/or managers.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes challenging, realistic and obtainable goals to guide operation and performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback, utilizes an &#8220;open door&#8221; policy, and reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are treated fairly and equitably.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages employee progressive discipline procedures for Front Office Staff.</p> <p>&#8226; Administers the performance appraisal process for direct report managers.</p> <p>&#8226; Interviews and hires managers and hourly employee team members with the appropriate skills and in a timely manner to meet the business needs of the operation.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies and analyzes Front Office operational challenges and facilitates the development of solutions to prevent reoccurrence.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Mg job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21027224?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 