---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Front Office Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-08 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Front Office Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Front Office Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Front Office Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Front Office Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Front Office Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21029525<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Hotel Description</strong></p> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assists the Front Office Manager in administering front office functions and supervising staff on a daily basis. Front office areas include Bell/Door Staff, Switchboard and Guest Services/Front Desk. Position directs and works with managers and employees to carry out procedures ensuring an efficient check in and check out process. Ensures guest and employee satisfaction and maximizes the financial performance of the department.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Management of Front Desk Team </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and manages employees. Managing all day-to-day operations. Understanding employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employee recognition is taking place on all shifts.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with employees.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Monitoring and Supporting Progress Toward Guest Services and Front Desk Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, ensuring the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Collaborates with the Front Office Manager on ways to continually improve departmental service.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates a clear and consistent message regarding the Front Office goals to produce desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the development and implementation of corrective action plans based on review of comment cards and guest satisfaction results.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Displays outstanding hospitality skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with customers on a regular basis to obtain feedback on quality of product, service levels and overall satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides feedback to employees based on observation of service behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest problems and complaints effectively.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Projects and Policies</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Implements the customer recognition/service program, communicating and ensuring the process.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all Front Office policies, standards and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors adherence to all credit policies and procedures to reduce bad debts and rebates.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors and co-workers by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Functions in place of the Front Office Manager in his/her absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates critical information from pre- and post-convention meetings to the Front Office staff.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in department meetings.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Front Office Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21029525?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 