---
title: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa Job Vacancies 2021 - At Your Service Agent" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-12 
excerpt: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for At Your Service Agent position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan At Your Service Agent." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for At Your Service Agent position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan At Your Service Agent. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- At Your Service Agent 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 11, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21059561<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Miri Marriott Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Temenggong Datuk Oyong Lawai, Miri, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Answer, record, and process all guest requests, questions, or concerns via telephone, email, chat, and mobile communication devices. Operate telephone switchboard, process guest requests for wake-up calls, and connecting and directing calls to the appropriate extension. Receive, record, and relay messages accurately. Log all guest requests or issues into computer, contact appropriate individual or department (e.g., Bellperson, Housekeeping), and follow up with guest to ensure their request has been resolved to their satisfaction. Provide information to guests about room features, property amenities, and local areas of interest. May process room service orders, answer questions on menu selection and record transactions in point-of-sale system. Assist guests with accessing internet and guestroom entertainment.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, and support team to reach common goals. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats; stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this At Your Service Agent job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21059561?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 