---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Financial Controller" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-10 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Financial Controller position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Financial Controller." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Financial Controller position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Financial Controller. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Financial Controller 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 10, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21044884<br><b>Job Category</b> Finance &amp; Accounting<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><br> <strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Manages the hotel&#8217;s day-to-day Accounting function, assisting the Cluster Director of Finance in providing financial leadership to the business and clear structure and direction to the Finance team. Primary responsibilities include preparation and analysis of the financial reports and reconciliations, internal and external reporting, budgeting/forecasting, audit and control, asset and liability reconciliation, working capital and cash control.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#8226; Full/part-qualified accounting qualification or Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from four-year College or University; or three years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.</p> <p>&#8226; Hotel accounting experience is essential, operational experience is also preferred but not essential.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#8226; <strong>Hotel Operational Finance knowledge &#8211;</strong> previous Asst DOF or smaller hotel Director of Finance</p> <p>&#8226; <strong>Numeracy</strong> - using mathematics to solve problems, calculations, presentations etc.</p> <p>&#8226; <strong>Computer Skills</strong> &#8211; Strong computer skills, particularly Excel and preferably Opera, PeopleSoft, Micros</p> <p>&#8226; <strong>Reading Comprehension</strong> - Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents.</p> <p>&#8226; <strong>Writing</strong> - Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience.</p> <p>&#8226; <strong>Economics and Accounting</strong> - Knowledge of economic and accounting principles and practices, P&amp;L statements, operating budgets, forecasting and scheduling, and the reporting of financial data.</p> <p>&#8226; <strong>Management of Financial Resources</strong> - Determining how money will be spent to get the work done, and accounting for these expenditures.</p> <p>&#8226; <strong>Analytical/Critical Thinking</strong> - The ability to gather and organize information using a logical and systematic process; recognize patterns and relationships in complex data; examine data to identify implications, problems and draw appropriate conclusions; generate alternative solutions to problems; evaluate strengths, weaknesses and consequences of alternative solutions and approaches to solving problems.</p> <p>&#8226; <strong>Administration and Management</strong> - Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources</p> <p>&#8226; <strong>Purchasing and Materials Management</strong> - Knowledge of practices and procedures needed to maintain material, equipment and supplies; including vendor identification and contract negotiation, supply requisition and purchasing, and inventory control (e.g., accounting and budgeting).</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Achieving Business Results</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supports strategies and conducts activities to drive financial results, guest satisfaction, human capital index and market share.</p> <p>&#8226; Effectively manages the day to day operation of Accounting to execute finance and accounting responsibilities for the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists the Cluster DOF in developing the annual business plan, budgets, forecasts, financial reports, tax compliance, and profit and loss statements.</p> <p>&#8226; Works through own team and influencing department managers to ensure appropriate controls are in place to manage business risks.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the hiring of accounting associates, and development and retention of a diverse high caliber workforce to provide strong functional expertise to the property and the discipline.</p> <p>&#8226; Sustains a work environment that focuses on fair and equitable treatment and associate satisfaction to enable business success.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Profitability and Revenue Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Meets Report Delivery Deadlines &#8211;</p> <p>&#8226; Submits reports in a timely manner, ensuring delivery deadlines.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies P&amp;L Accuracy</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that profits and losses are documented accurately, in line with Marriott Processes and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates with and provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates leadership by using interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourages others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Achieves and and exceeds goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge of job-relevant issues, products, systems, and processes.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish work and the work of the finance team.</p> <p>&#8226; Generates and provides accurate and timely results in the form of reports, presentations, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution, solve problems and make decisions..</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, peers and subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that all Taxes are current, collected and/or accrued.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors all taxes that apply, ensuring that taxes are current, collected and/or accrued.</p> <p>&#8226; Processes information; compiles, codes, categories, calculates, tabulates, audits, or verifies information or data.</p> <p>&#8226; Evaluates information to determine compliance with standards, using relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Updates and uses relevant knowledge, keeps up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to job.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assists in Conducting Strategic Planning and Decision Making</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Communicates financial concepts in a clear and persuasive manner that is easy to understand and drives desired behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Advises the Cluster Executive committee on existing and evolving operating/financial issues.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides on going analytical support (e.g. monitoring the operating department&#8217;s actual and projected sales and profit and coaches management team to ensure financial goals are met and opportunities are identified and addressed).</p> <p>&#8226; Provides assistance to the Cluster DOF in developing the annual business plan, budgets and monthly forecasts.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides analytical support during budget reviews to identify cost saving and productivity opportunities.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides direction and assistance to other organizational units regarding accounting and budgeting policies and procedures, and efficient control and utilization.</p> <p>&#8226; Orients hotel managers to the accounting function and coaches to effectively manage their department&#8217;s financial performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Produces accurate and timely financial reports to support effective decision making.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides meaning or context to the financial results.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that the P&amp;L is accurate (i.e., costs are properly matched to revenue, costs are recorded in the proper accounts) and statements are delivered to appropriate individuals in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Projects and Policies</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Maintains a strong accounting &amp; operational control environment to safeguard assets improve operations and profitability and manage business risks.</p> <p>&#8226; Produces accurate forecasts that enable operations to react to changes in the business.</p> <p>&#8226; Reconciles balance sheet and ensures account balances are current and supported by appropriate documentation in accordance with SOPs.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Facilitates critique meetings to review results with management team.</p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes and publicly recognizes the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Leverages strong functional leadership and communication skills to influence the management team and to lead own team.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes and maintains open, collaborative relationships with associates and ensures associates do the same within the team.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates a working environment that enables the retention of top talent and where individuals perform at their best.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that team members are cross-trained to support successful daily operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts annual performance appraisals with direct reports according to Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages open dialogue between team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Assigns team members and other department managers clear accountability to accomplish goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses all available on the job training tools for associates.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages internal, external and regulatory audit processes and ensures compliance with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), verifying that hotel policies are administered fairly and consistently.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and support the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Generates and reviews financial reports that are linked to the plan&#8217;s financial goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that tax rates used for sales/use tax are current and proper amounts are collected and/or accrued.</p> <p>&#8226; Completes adhoc requests from Cluster DOF &amp; Assistant Cluster DOF.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>OTHER</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Performs other duties as assigned to meet business needs.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Financial Controller job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21044884?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 