---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - IT Executiv" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-05 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for IT Executiv position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan IT Executiv." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for IT Executiv position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan IT Executiv. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- IT Executiv 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 05, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21029497<br><b>Job Category</b> Information Technology<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Troubleshoot and repair technical problems or issues related to computer hardware and peripheral equipment. Respond to program error messages by finding and correcting problems or terminating the program. Provide technical guidance and recommendations to resolve business problems. Refer major hardware/software problems or defective products to vendors or technicians for service. Enter commands and activate controls on computer and peripheral equipment (e.g., printers) to integrate and operate equipment. Maintain and upgrade hardware and software, including peripherals (e.g., printers, scanners) and website technical architecture related to hardware and telecommunication connectivity.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Report work related accidents, or other injuries immediately upon occurrence to manager/supervisor. Identify and correct unsafe work procedures or conditions and/or report them to management and security/safety personnel. Follow property specific procedures for handling emergency situations (e.g., evacuations, medical emergencies, natural disasters). Talk with and listen to other employees to effectively exchange information. Exchange information with other employees using electronic devices (e.g., pagers and two-way radios, email). Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this IT Executiv job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21029497?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 