---
title: "Genting Malaysia Berhad Job Vacancies 2021 - Senior Finance Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-30 
excerpt: "Genting Malaysia Berhad job vacancies 2021 for Senior Finance Executive position which based in Kuala Lumpur. Jawatan kosong Genting Malaysia Berhad 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Senior Finance Executive penempatan di Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Genting Malaysia Berhad job vacancies 2021 for Senior Finance Executive position which based in Kuala Lumpur. Jawatan kosong Genting Malaysia Berhad 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Senior Finance Executive penempatan di Kuala Lumpur. 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Senior Finance Executive 
<div><div><p><b>Genting Malaysia Berhad<br>
</b></p><p></p><p>Genting Malaysia is a leading multinational conglomerate that is principally involved in the leisure and hospitality business, covering theme parks, casinos, hotels, seaside resorts and entertainment venues in Malaysia, the UK, and the US. It is one of the largest listed companies in Malaysia.</p><br>
<p></p>
<p>With over 50 years of experience and milestones, Genting Malaysia is currently expanding and transforming Resorts World Genting into the leading tourism and entertainment hub via the Genting Integrated Resort Transformation Plan. Under this plan, flagship projects include Skytropolis Indoor Theme Park, the outdoor theme park - Genting SkyWorlds - and the adjacent shopping complex - SkyAvenue, which houses some of the most prestigious lifestyle brands from around the world. The plaza also features a state-of-the-art cable car system, which connects SkyAvenue to the mid-hill Genting Highlands Premium Outlets, carrying up to 3,600 passengers per hour per way.</p><br>
<p></p>
<p>If you are searching for a dynamic career full of exciting growth opportunities; look no further and join us today!</p><br>
<p></p>
<div>
</div><div></div><p><b>Job Descriptions</b></p><br>
<p></p>
<ul><li>Check document journal parked by Accounts Supervisor or Accounts Assistant to ensure the accuracy of the accounting entries.</li>
<li>Month-end closing (revenue, posting, provisions &amp; MFRS 16 revenue recognition on waiver amortization).</li>
<li>Attend operation daily problem, give suggestion, highlight inconsistency and solve the problems</li>
<li>Check and initial onto the invoices for monthly billing of tenancy and media space rental that generated by Accounts Supervisor and ensure the accuracy</li>
<li>Prepare the Tenancy Hash Total Reconciliation to ensure the accurate and completeness of billing, and forward to Finance Assistant Manager to review and sign</li>
<li>Check Rental Income Analysis prepared by Accounts Supervisor to ensure the accuracy</li>
<li>Prepare Balance Sheet Review analysis and explain significant variances for Trade Debtor Control / Clearing GL</li>
<li>Check Standard Tax Schedules (STS) for Rental Income prepare by Accounts Supervisor to ensure the accuracy</li>
<li>Check Related Party Transaction Disclosure analysis prepare by Accounts Supervisor to ensure the accuracy</li>
<li>Assist Finance Assistant Manager to prepare and compile Profit Plan for Rental Income.</li>
<li>Any other assignments and duties as given by Management from time to time.<br>
</li></ul><p></p><p><b>Job Requirements</b></p><br>
<p></p>
<ul><li>Possess a Degree in Accounting or with relevant working experience</li>
<li>Able to lead, manage and supervise the accounting function of a team of accounting staff</li>
<li>Computer literate with working knowledge of accounting software and Microsoft Office.</li>
<li>Knowledge of SAP would be an added advantage</li>
<li>Able to work under tight deadline or pressure and able to work under minimal supervision</li>
<li>Possess good written and communication skills.</li>
<li>Good interpersonal skills
</li><li>Ability to communicate in English and Bahasa Malaysia</li></ul><br>
<p></p>
<p>Be part of an exciting history-in-the-making, help shape the future with us. This is a golden opportunity for you to establish a strong foundation for a great career within the company. Apply now!</p></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Senior Finance Executive job online through Indeed Malaysia 
<a href="https://malaysia.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=723c31c45918cbf0" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 