---
title: "Esther Postpartum Care Sdn Bhd Job Vacancies 2021 - Operation Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-05 
excerpt: "Esther Postpartum Care Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Operation Manager which positioned at Kuala Lumpur, Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Esther Postpartum Care Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Operation Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Esther Postpartum Care Sdn Bhd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Operation Manager</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>- Oversees operations in all outlet.</p><p>- Drafting and reviewing any commercial documents and contracts.</p><p>- To act as a trouble-shooter with emphasis on ways to improve company service and facilities, towards guest satisfaction.</p><p>- Good understand with all departments' work flow and services provided by the company.</p><p>- Supervise and develop the performance of all HOD and their respective departments to ensure the highest level of guest&#160;&#160;&#160;and employee satisfaction in a cost efficient manner.</p><p>- Handle and investigate all guests' complaints and incidents. Give proper follow-up to ensure total customer satisfaction.</p><p>- Motivating and encouraging teamwork within the workforce.</p><p>- Adhere to all company standards, procedures and guidelines.</p><p>- To handle overall HR operations function including recruitment &amp; selection, manpower planning, performance&#160;management, compensation &amp; benefits, training &amp; development.&#160;</p><p>- Monitoring routine M&amp;R (Maintenance &amp; Repair) and all aspects of facility maintenance and upkeep to maintain a safe and&#160;&#160;healthy work environment</p><p>- Supervise the tidiness of all work station area, reception desk and observe proper grooming standard of all staff.</p><p>- Undertake any tasks or assignment that assigned by immediate superior and management from time-to-time.</p><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><p>- Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Business&#160;&#160;&#160;Studies/Administration/Management, Human Resource Management, or equivalent.</p><p>- Required language(s): English, Mandarin, Bahasa Malaysia</p><p>- Excellent command of written and spoken English.</p><p>- Mandarin speaking is an advantage</p><p>- At least 3 Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</p><p>- Must be willing to work on weekend and public holiday</p><p>- Immediate Vacancy</p><p>&#8203;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Esther Postpartum Care is a post-natal care center that leads by Taiwan Dun Nan True Love Group that specialized in providing traditional postpartum practices with modern medical expertise, ensuring adequate and proper care for both mother and newborn.</p><p>We have in operation for more than 10 years and have expanded 25 centers throughout China and Taiwan.we are the only confinement center has been awarded excellence for a consecutive of 5 years in food safety and hygiene by Department of Health Taiwan. In addition, our special designed postpartum meal is certified with International HACCP and ISO 22000.</p><p>In view of the rapid expansion of the company, we are currently seeking high potential talent to join the team&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur, Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/operation-manager-4455656?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4455656&sectionRank=4&token=0~f5edbdcf-146e-4f5c-ad43-39ce887850f3&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 