---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Spa Therapist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-29 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Spa Therapist position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Spa Therapist." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Spa Therapist position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Spa Therapist. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Spa Therapist 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 28, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21040666<br><b>Job Category</b> Spa<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Provide massage services to guests using props and/or products. Provide body treatments to guests using body scrubs, wraps, and/or hydrotherapy. Assess guest needs and inquire about contraindications (e.g., allergies, high blood pressure, and pregnancy) before beginning service. Keep up to date with current techniques and modalities related to their field of work. Escort guests to and from treatment rooms. Arrange workstation, treatment room, and/or drapes. Frequently check with guest to promote comfort, safety and security throughout service. Promote and sell spa/salon services including retail offerings related to the Spa. Clean, maintain, and sterilize tools. Maintain cleanliness of workstation and/or treatment room throughout shift, dispose of trash and dirty linens, and secure supplies and equipment at the end of each shift. Monitor and stick to time schedule throughout the day. Handle inappropriate guest behavior by following Marriott International standard operating procedures for Inappropriate conduct for guests and therapists, leading up to and including stopping a treatment or service and informing supervisor/manager. Maintain current skills and licensure in service area as per regional requirements.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Follow all company policies and procedures; make sure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time; grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Spa Therapist job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21040666?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 