---
title: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Guest Services Associate I" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-20 
excerpt: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Guest Services Associate I position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Guest Services Associate I." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Guest Services Associate I position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Guest Services Associate I. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Guest Services Associate I 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 20, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21048789<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Kuala Lumpur, 199 Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all guest check-ins, check-outs, room assignments, and room change/late check-out requests. Secure payment; activate/reissue room keys. Ensure rates match market codes, document exceptions. Verify/adjust billing for guests. Communicate to appropriate staff when guests are waiting for an available room. Advise guest of messages. Clear departures in computer system. Coordinate with Housekeeping to track room status and guest concerns. File guest paperwork or documentation. Operate telephone switchboard station. Run and check daily reports, contingency lists, and credit card authorization reports. Supply guests with directions and information. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, requests, questions, or concerns; follow up to ensure each has been met to guests&#8217; satisfaction. Arrange transportation for guests/visitors. Count and secure bank at beginning and end of shift. Cash-guests' checks, process all payment types, vouchers, paid-outs, charges, and provide change. Notify Loss Prevention/Security of any reports of theft.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of employees. Comply with quality assurance standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Guest Services Associate I job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21048789?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 