---
title: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral Job Vacancies 2021 - Front Desk Duty Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-12 
excerpt: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Front Desk Duty Manager position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Front Desk Duty Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Front Desk Duty Manager position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Front Desk Duty Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Front Desk Duty Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21057605<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral, No. 5 Jalan Stesen Sentral, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Aloft Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Aloft Hotels we&#8217;re wired for next generation travelers who love open spaces, open thinking, and open expression. Aloft provides a space where style is necessary, social scenes are vibrant, and where the only direction is forward. Our guests are tech savvy and confidently social, with an eclectic style they&#8217;re not afraid to show. We understand what our guests need, so we provide an affordable option for the tech-savvy design guru. We&#8217;re looking for innovative self-expressers who aren&#8217;t afraid to draw outside the lines. If you are someone who appreciates tech-forward features and vibrant social scenes, then we invite you to explore a career with Aloft Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Entry level management position that is responsible for leading and assisting with the successful completion of daily shift requirements. Front office areas include Bell/Door Staff, Switchboard and Guest Services/Front Desk. Strives to ensure guest and employee satisfaction and achieve the operating budget. Assists in completing financial and administrative responsibilities.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Management of Front Desk Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and building mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports all day-to-day operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Coaches, counsels and encourages employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles employee questions and concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports all areas of the Front Office in the absence of the Front Office or Front Desk Manager.</p> <p>&#8226; Guides daily Front Desk shift operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates performance expectations to employees in accordance with job descriptions for each position.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Monitoring and Supporting Progress Toward Guest Services and Front Desk Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, ensuring the quality, standards and meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in department meetings and continually communicates a clear and consistent message regarding the Front Desk goals to produce desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational needs and financial objectives are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Trains staff on adherence to all credit policies and procedures to reduce bad debts and rebates.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises same day selling procedures to maximize room revenue and property occupancy.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of Front Desk operations on the overall property financial goals and objectives.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service within guidelines.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest problems and complaints seeking assistance from supervisor as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Projects and Policies</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Implementing the customer recognition/service program, communicating and ensuring the process.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the review of comment cards and guest satisfaction results with employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees have the proper supplies and uniforms.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the use of a guest information tracking system to ensure that a successful repeat guest recognition program is in use to recognize guest preferences and aid in problem resolution.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Handling of Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Identifying the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Providing guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides feedback to individuals based on observation of service behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in an ongoing employee recognition program.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts training when appropriate.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the employee performance appraisal process.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updating the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs all duties at the Front Desk as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the functions of the Bell Staff, Switchboard and Concierge/Guest Services operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Complies with loss prevention policies and procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Front Desk Duty Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21057605?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 