---
title: "Element Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Food & Beverage Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-22 
excerpt: "Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Food & Beverage Attendant position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Food & Beverage Attendant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Food & Beverage Attendant position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Food & Beverage Attendant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Food & Beverage Attendant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 22, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21038225<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Element Kuala Lumpur, Ilham Tower, 8 Jalan Binjai, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Element Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Element, we believe that travelers deserve more than a place to stay. They need a place to thrive, where they can start every day fresh, focused, feeling alive. Whether they&#8217;re stopping by for a few days or settling in for a few weeks, time away from home shouldn&#8217;t mean time away from life. Our travelers recognize and appreciate our approachable, multidimensional staff, and we are energized by helping them find their own space in Element. We help our guests live life away as they do at home, no matter how long they stay. If you&#8217;re an active optimist who doesn&#8217;t second guess connecting with like-minded guests and creating a balanced space for yourself and those around you, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Element.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Complete closing duties, including storing all reusable goods, breaking down goods, cleaning all equipment and areas, returning equipment to proper locations, locking refrigerators, restocking items, turning off lights, locking doors, and completing daily cleaning checklist. Set up, stock, and maintain work areas. Inspect the cleanliness and presentation of all china, glass, and silver prior to use. Maintain cleanliness of work areas throughout the day, practicing clean-as-you-go procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Food & Beverage Attendant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21038225?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 