---
title: "Tenggol Coral Beach Resort Vacancies Marketing Reservation Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-01 
excerpt: "Tenggol Coral Beach Resort is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Marketing Reservation Assistant which positioned at Ampang" 
tags: [Ampang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Tenggol Coral Beach Resort is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Marketing Reservation Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Candidate must possess at least :</p><ul><li>At least 1 Year(s) of working experience in the related field</li><li>Required Skill(s):</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Digital Marketing &amp; Reservation or equivalent.</li><li>Candidate will act as a Marketing &amp; Reservation Assistance for this job position</li><li>Able To Work Outdoor</li><li>Start Immediately</li><li>Own Transport (Motorcycle / Car)</li><li>Possess good communication and selling skills.</li><li>Ability to work as a team player and independently</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English, Mandarin(Bonus)</li><li>Computer Skill(s): Microsoft Office,Photoshop,Powerpoint,Google Drive</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English</li><li>Preferably candidates residing in Cheras/Ampang</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>To ensure that all reservations are recorded following established procedures with full and clear information and that they are inputted accurately and promptly onto the system.</li><li>Maximizes room revenues by utilizing techniques to increase occupancy, average rate, knowledge on the type of rooms available as well as their location and layout, the selling status, rates, and benefits of all packages plans.</li><li>To create daily floor sheets detailing reservations and updates all call-to-action marketing on</li><li>Continually monitors all pertinent travel related websites and OTA&#8217;s to ensure competitiveness in both availability and price; communicates information to Management&#160;as needed.</li><li>Assists with all outside sales and marketing efforts to all distribution channels including retail and wholesale travel agents and OTA&#8217;s.</li><li>Participates and assists in the creation of special promotional programs and utilizes online platforms to market current specials to general public.</li><li>Performs all duties and responsibilities in a timely and efficient manner in accordance with established company policies and procedures to achieve the overall objectives of this position.</li><li>Finding/communicate with Instagrammer/Youtuber (Influencer)on the collabration with the company.</li><li>Monitor running ads and increase sales through creating effective ads on the press Facebook, Google, Instagram and etc.</li><li>Plan and execute marketing campaigns for the company.</li><li>Provide courteous services to customers and respond promptly and tactfully to guests' complaints, requests and inquiries.</li><li>Handling event/booth/fair.</li><li>Other related duties as and when required by the Management</li></ul><p><strong>WHY JOIN US</strong></p><ul><li>Career Advancement</li><li>Great and friendly environment</li><li>Trael and explore scuba diving industry</li><li>A fair work-life balance culture</li><li><br></li></ul><p><strong>BENEFITS</strong></p><p>EPF, SOCSO, Basic Salary + Commission.</p><p><strong>WORKING HOURS</strong></p><p>8 hours per day,&#160;6 days per week &amp; 1 off day.</p><p>Monday - Friday (10am-6pm)</p><p>Saturday (10am-2pm)</p><p>As the job requires replying guest(s) on information/booking, the replying through phone will be based on 24 hours. Reply the guest as son as you can.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Tenggol Coral Beach Resort is the FIRST and ONLY PADI 5 Star Dive Resort on Tenggol Island, Malaysia. We are committed to maintain the highest quality of standards in service expected with an exclusive scuba diving resort.</div>
<div>
<div>Tenggol Coral Beach Resort is an exclusive getaway location for scuba diving and snorkeling based on Tenggol island. Our customer service is our top priority and we always do our very best to accommodate your needs and service whilst on resort.</div>
<div>Our team are very proud of taking care of our customers which reflects in our resort reviews and trip advisor feedback alike, for which we hold yearly certificates of excellence. &#160;Its located in a Malaysian national marine park and our resort extends the harmony of the island to our visitors through of beach front chalets, hillside view apartments, our restaurant and PADI dive center.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Ampang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/marketing-reservation-assistant-4454042?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4454042&sectionRank=2&token=0~5e8b1ae8-92a4-4b46-ba2e-0ca6e81b6612&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 