---
title: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa Job Vacancies 2021 - Coomis Cook" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-17 
excerpt: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Coomis Cook position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Coomis Cook." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Coomis Cook position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Coomis Cook. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Coomis Cook 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jul 14, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21075256<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Miri Marriott Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Temenggong Datuk Oyong Lawai, Miri, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Prepare ingredients for cooking, including portioning, chopping, and storing food. Wash and peel fresh fruits and vegetables. Weigh, measure, and mix ingredients. Prepare and cook food according to recipes, quality standards, presentation standards, and food preparation checklist. Prepare cold foods. Operate ovens, stoves, grills, microwaves, and fryers. Test foods to determine if they have been cooked sufficiently. Monitor food quality while preparing food. Set-up and break down work station. Serve food in proper portions onto proper receptacles. Wash and disinfect kitchen area, tables, tools, knives, and equipment. Check and ensure the correctness of the temperature of appliances and food.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance needs, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Coomis Cook job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21075256?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 