---
title: "Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon Job Vacancies 2021 - GM Secretary" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-14 
excerpt: "Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon job vacancies 2021 for GM Secretary position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon terkini untuk kekosongan GM Secretary." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon job vacancies 2021 for GM Secretary position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon terkini untuk kekosongan GM Secretary. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- GM Secretary 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 14, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21034742<br><b>Job Category</b> Administrative<br><b>Location</b> Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon, No 1 Old Airport Place, Bintulu, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott allows guests to travel with confidence by giving them just what they need at an exceptional value. As a member of our team you'll deliver outstanding service so travel is easy, comfortable and productive for our guests. Find Your World&#8482; at Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott.</p><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Greet persons entering the office, determine nature and purpose of visit, and direct/escort to destination. Open, read, and prepare answers to routine letters. Locate and attach appropriate files to incoming correspondence requiring replies. Take and distribute meeting minutes to appropriate individuals. Handle and distribute incoming and outgoing mail. Create and maintain computer- and paper-based filing and organization systems for records, reports, documents, etc. Transmit information or documents using a computer, mail, or facsimile machine. Prepare letters, memos, and other documents using word processing, spreadsheet, database, or presentation software. Enter and retrieve information contained in computer databases using a keyboard, mouse, or trackball to update records, files, reservations, and answer inquiries from guests. Operate standard office equipment other than computers such as telephone, typewriter, fax, photocopier, calculator, and electronic peripherals. Document and communicate all guest requests/complaints to appropriate personnel.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures, ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this GM Secretary job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21034742?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 