---
title: "Amazing Postnatal Care Sdn Bhd Job Vacancies 2021 - Account & HR Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-07 
excerpt: "Amazing Postnatal Care Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Account & HR Manager which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Amazing Postnatal Care Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Account & HR Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Amazing Postnatal Care Sdn Bhd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Account & HR Manager</b>. 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p><p>To lead all the Human Resources and Accounting related activities for company. Work closely with senior management team in order to achieve the growth and strategic objectives for the company.&#160;</p><p><strong>Human Resources</strong></p><ol><li><span>Provides day-to-day people management guidance to HODs (e.g., coaching, counselling, career development, disciplinary actions, manpower requirements, succession planning, staff training), so as to empower HODs to lead a motivated team of performers.</span></li><li><span>Responsible for full spectrum of HR tasks including workforce planning, payroll, recruitment, learning and development, compensations and benefits, policies and procedures, performance management and etc.</span></li><li><span>Co-develop and implement Employee Training &amp; Development Policy/Recruitment of employee.</span></li><li><span>Recruitment of employees via a recruitment process in interviewing, background check, selection and recommendation of compensation and benefits.</span></li><li><span>Prepares employees for assignments by establishing and conducting orientation and training programs.</span></li><li><span>Ensure planning, monitoring and appraisal of employee work results. Assist supervisor/managers in coaching and discipline employees; scheduling regular sessions with employees; hearing and resolving employee grievances; counseling employees and supervisors.</span></li><li><span>Ensures the company meets all local legal and regulatory employment requirements. Maintaining records, attending updates and disseminating changes to the organization on employment matters.</span></li><li><span>To establish performance management system for the stimulation of employee, the improvement of their work performance, and the support of their self-development.</span></li><li><span>Work closely with senior management, HODs and employees to improve work relationships, build morale, and increase productivity and retention.</span></li><li><span>To ensure that HR system and procedures meet the requirements of Corporate Quality Standards and that they are maintained and effectively used.</span></li><li><span>Continuously review and develop employee welfare programmes to attract, retain and motivate employees.</span></li><li><span>IR &amp; ER related matters &#8211; grievance / counselling / disciplinary among the employees are well addressed within the agreed timeline and promote a harmonious working environment.</span></li><li><span>Maintains in-depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring regulatoruy compliance.</span></li></ol><p><strong>Accounting &amp; Finance</strong></p><ol><li><span>Handle the full spectrum of accounting functions.</span></li><li><span>Prepare management accounts and financial statement for audt puroses and bookkeeping.</span></li><li><span>Prepare and update accounts for weekly / monthly review.</span></li><li><span>Present accounts to management for monthly reviews and highlight pertinent issues.</span></li><li><span>Perform cost analysis, budgeting, revenue forecasting and cash flow management for the company.</span></li><li><span>Analyze financial position of company and provide feedback and suggestions to the management as to improvements that may be made.</span></li><li><span>Monitor income and expenses of company and manage payroll, check collections and payment including those involving utilities, suppliers and other third parties.</span></li><li><span>Responsible for SST-related matters including issuance of invoice, submissions of annual returns, bookkeeping entries and etc.</span></li><li><span>Liaise with auditors, tax agents, company secretary, bankers and other government bodies for all statutory compliance issues.</span></li><li><span>Ensure proper maintenance of all accounting documentation and records.</span></li><li><span>Respond to financial inquiries by gathering, analysing, summarizing and interpreting data.</span></li></ol><p>** <strong>To perform other related duties as assigned by superior.</strong></p><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor Degree.</li><li>Minimum 5 years of progressive experience in a fast pace environment.</li><li>Strong knowledge of local Employment Act and regulatory requirement.</li><li>Experience in handling the broad spectrum of HR services including recruitment, compensation and benefits, training and staff development.</li><li>Demonstrated ability to independently complete assignments and draw conclusions.</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Office, advanced skillset in Excel.</li><li>Possess and demonstrate positive mentoring and leadership qualities.</li><li>Resourceful and able to work independently on multiple tasks and projects simultaneously with strong communication skill to communicate effectively with all levels of Management.</li><li>Able to perform under pressure and possess problem solving skills with strategic mindset, maturity, positive working attitude and strong work ethics.</li><li>Working experiences in a medium size organization handling HR and Accounting functions is essential.</li><li>Work location is in PJ but required to travel to differrent site at different states occasionally.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Amazing Postnatal Care Sdn Bhd specializes in providing high quality professional postpartum &amp; postnatal care to our precious new mothers and their newborn babies.<br>
	We adopt proven traditional postnatal care methodologies and the latest scientific nursing care practices and concepts, advanced equipment and facilities to restore, rejuvenate and pamper our mothers. We take care of all newborns with motherly love and dedication.<br>
	We carefully prepare and serve the most nutritious and delicious confinement meals to nourish our mothers back to optimal health and beauty. We gently guide and train new mothers with essential knowledge and skills to care for their child post- confinement through practical workshops.<br>
	Our company won the Best Customer Customer Service Award and Most Preferred Confinement Centre Award consecutively in 2018 and 2019, amongst more than 300 confinement centres nationwide, a testimony of the dedication of our staff to delight our customers.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/account-hr-manager-4560823?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4560823" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 