---
title: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Director of Sales" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-02 
excerpt: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Director of Sales position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Director of Sales." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Director of Sales position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Director of Sales. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Director of Sales 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 02, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21016664<br><b>Job Category</b> Sales &amp; Marketing<br><b>Location</b> Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel, Jalan Utara C, Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Sheraton Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br>At Sheraton, we go above and beyond in everything we do. We are inspired by our guests and one another &#8211; and are driven to make things better. We love what we do, and we give it all we&#8217;ve got &#8211; on property and off. When guests stay with us, it&#8217;s not just a room with a bed that they&#8217;re buying. It&#8217;s an experience. We&#8217;re looking for someone who is ready to go beyond in everything they do. If you are someone with a genuine drive to improve your life and the lives of those around you, we encourage you to explore careers with Sheraton.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Leads and manages all day-to-day activities related to the sales function with a focus on building long-term, value-based customer relationships that enable achievement of property sales objectives. Achieves personal booking goals and makes recommendations on booking goals of direct reports.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Business Administration, Marketing, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 3 years experience in the sales and marketing or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Marketing, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 1 year experience in the sales and marketing or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Developing &amp; Executing Sales Strategies</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works with sales leader to ensure understanding of sales strategy and effective implementation of this strategy for the segment.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with management team to create and implement a sales plan addressing revenue, customers and the market for the segment led by the DOS.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with the development and implementation of promotions, both internal and external.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maximizing Revenue</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides positive and aggressive leadership to ensure maximum revenue potential (e.g., sets example with personal booking goals).</p> <p>&#8226; Recommends booking goals for sales team members.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Sales Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Monitors all day to day activities of direct reports.</p> <p>&#8226; Approves space release for catering to maximize revenue (DOS, Group) in the absence of a Business Evaluation Manager.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in sales calls with members of sales team to acquire new business and/or close on business.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes and supports the operational aspects of business booked (e.g., generating proposal, writing contract, customer correspondence).</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Analyzing &amp; Reporting on Sales and Financial Data</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes market information by using sales systems and implements strategy to achieve property&#8217;s financial room and catering goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists Revenue Management with completing accurate six period projections.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews sales and catering guest satisfaction results to identify areas of improvement.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Displays leadership in guest hospitality, exemplifies customer service and creates a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Meets with guests during pre- and post-convention meetings to obtain feedback on quality of product (e.g., rooms, meeting facilities and equipment, food and beverage), service levels, execution against contract and overall satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and provides feedback to individuals.</p> <p>&#8226; Incorporates guest satisfaction as a component of department meetings with a focus on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes and supports the company&#8217;s Customer Service Standards and property&#8217;s Brand Standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in and practices daily service basics of the brand.</p> <p>&#8226; Executes exemplary customer service to drive customer satisfaction and loyalty by assisting the customer and ensuring their satisfaction before and during their program/event.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves the customer by understanding their needs and recommending the appropriate features and services that best meet their needs and exceed their expectations, while building a relationship and loyalty to the company.</p> <p>&#8226; Gains understanding of the property&#8217;s primary target customer and service expectations; serves the customer by understanding their business, business issues and concerns, to offer better business solution both prior to, and during the program/event.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Building Successful Relationships</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Develops and manages relationships with key stakeholders, both internal and external.</p> <p>&#8226; Works collaboratively with off-property sales channels (e.g., Event Booking Center, Market Sales, GSO) to ensure the property needs are being achieved and the sales efforts are complementary, not duplicative.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with Human Resources, Engineering and Loss Prevention to ensure compliance with local, state and federal regulations and/or union requirements.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends customer events, trade shows and sales missions to maintain, build or develop key relationships with GSO Managers and customers.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Interviews and hires management and hourly employees with the appropriate skills to meet the business needs of the operation.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes all available on the job training tools for employees.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Director of Sales job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21016664?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 