---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - IT Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-24 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for IT Specialist position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan IT Specialist." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for IT Specialist position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan IT Specialist. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- IT Specialist 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 24, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21038090<br><b>Job Category</b> Information Technology<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Install, configure, manage, maintain, test, evaluate, and repair computer networks, workstations, support server system(s), supporting hardware/software, user accounts, and computer/telephone rooms. Train/instruct users in proper use and security of all systems. Troubleshoot/repair/resolve technical problems/issues related to computer hardware/software/LAN and WAN/internet. Respond to program error messages. Provide network communications support and technical guidance. Refer major problems to vendors/technicians. Analyze, recommend, and implement process improvements. Consult with others to assess/analyze/resolve computing needs and system requirements. Inspect, test, and diagnose computer equipment/systems. Plan and coordinate information technology-related equipment installations, moves, additions, changes, and system enhancements. Plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures. Provide end-user support for all applications. Plan and manage disk space for entire network. Maintain accurate inventory of all technological devices. Enter commands and activate controls on computers and equipment. Ensure backup tapes are locked in a fireproof safe.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Address guests&#8217; service needs; assist other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Serve as role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/Open Door Policy process. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations/standards; identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds. Stand, sit, or walk for extended periods of time. Enter and locate information using computers/ Point of Sale (POS) systems. Move up and down stairs/ramps. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this IT Specialist job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21038090?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 