---
title: "Rooms Division Job Vacancies 2021 - Mg" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-08 
excerpt: "Rooms Division job vacancies 2021 for Mg position. Jawatan kosong Rooms Division terkini untuk kekosongan Mg." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Rooms Division job vacancies 2021 for Mg position. Jawatan kosong Rooms Division terkini untuk kekosongan Mg. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Mg 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21019219<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon, No 1 Old Airport Place, Bintulu, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br><p>Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott allows guests to travel with confidence by giving them just what they need at an exceptional value. As a member of our team you'll deliver outstanding service so travel is easy, comfortable and productive for our guests. Find Your World&#8482; at Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott.</p><br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Responsible for the management and coordination of all Rooms area departments (including Front Office, Engineering/Maintenance and Housekeeping) and managing staff. Plans, develops, implements and evaluates the quality of property&#8217;s guest rooms. Strives to continually improve guest and employee satisfaction and maximize the financial performance of the department. Ensures that standards and procedures are being followed. Leads specific team while assisting with meeting or exceeding property goals. The position ensures that the Rooms division meet the brand&#8217;s standards, targets customer needs, ensures employee satisfaction, focuses on growing revenues and maximizes the financial performance of the department.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Business Administration, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 4 years experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, sales and marketing, management operations, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, sales and marketing, management operations, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting the Management of Rooms Division Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Champions the brand&#8217;s service vision for product and service delivery.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates a clear and consistent message regarding departmental goals to produce desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Makes and executes the necessary decisions to keep property moving forward toward achievement of goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors and promotes room rates, specials, and promotions at the residence.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors expected arrivals and departures.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates and makes preparations for group activities.</p> <p>&#8226; Runs and reviews critical information contained in Rooms division reports.</p> <p>&#8226; Operates all department equipment as necessary and reporting malfunctions.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees have the proper supplies and uniforms.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands night audit procedures and being able to comprehend and utilize reports as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands and complies with loss prevention policies and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in ensuring the property&#8217;s crisis management plan is followed as applicable.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Profitability</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes service issues and identifies trends.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with Rooms division teams to develop an operational strategy that is aligned with the brand&#8217;s business strategy and leads its execution.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews and audits expenses.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Revenue Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Monitors Rooms division sales performance against budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews reports and financial statements to determine Rooms division performance against budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews Rooms division occupancy &amp; rate, wages and controllable expenses.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews the Wage Progress Report and compares budgeted wages to actual wages, coaching direct reports to address problem areas and holding team accountable for results.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring and Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates and communicates key drivers of guest satisfaction for the brand&#8217;s target customer.</p> <p>&#8226; Delivers excellent customer service throughout the customer experience and encourages the same from other employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews guest feedback with leadership team and ensures appropriate corrective action is taken.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates and communicates event details both verbally and in writing to the customer and property operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates an atmosphere in the Rooms division that meets or exceeds guest expectations.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses personal judgment and expertise to enhance the customer experience.</p> <p>&#8226; Stays available to solve problems and/or suggest alternatives to previous arrangements.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Stays visible and interfaces with customers on a regular basis to obtain feedback on quality of product, service levels and overall satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Works to continually improve customer service by integrating obtained feedback and personal judgment into action plans.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that employees understand expectations and parameters for Room division duties.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Facilitates the development of creative solutions to overcome obstacles and ensures implementation to continually improve guest satisfaction results.</p> <p>&#8226; Interviews applicants as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are treated fairly and equitably.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that regular, ongoing communication is happening in the Rooms division (e.g., pre-shift briefings, staff meetings).</p> <p>&#8226; Fosters employee commitment to providing excellent service, participates in daily stand-up meetings and models desired service behaviors in all interactions with guests and employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Incorporates guest satisfaction as a component of staff/operations meetings with an emphasis on generating innovative ways to continually improve results.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets goals and expectations for direct reports using the performance review process and holds staff accountable for successful performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback, utilizes an &#8220;open door policy&#8221; and reviews employee engagement results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently, disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and supports the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts annual performance appraisal with direct reports according to Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Champions change, ensures brand and regional business initiatives are implemented and communicates follow-up actions to team as necessary.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Mg job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21019219?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 