---
title: "Four Points by Sheraton Puchong Job Vacancies 2021 - IT Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-10 
excerpt: "Four Points by Sheraton Puchong job vacancies 2021 for IT Specialist position. Jawatan kosong Four Points by Sheraton Puchong terkini untuk kekosongan IT Specialist." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Four Points by Sheraton Puchong job vacancies 2021 for IT Specialist position. Jawatan kosong Four Points by Sheraton Puchong terkini untuk kekosongan IT Specialist. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- IT Specialist 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 10, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21044860<br><b>Job Category</b> Information Technology<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Puchong, 1201 Tower 3 Puchong Financial Corporate Centre, Puchong, Selangor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Troubleshoot and resolve technical problems or issues related to computer software and systems. Provide technical guidance and recommendations to resolve business problems. Analyze, recommend, and implement process improvements. Enter commands and activate controls on computer and peripheral equipment to integrate and operate equipment. Troubleshoot, modify, support, manage, and maintain applications programs and user accounts. Maintain records of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial actions taken, or installation activities. Train or instruct users in the proper use of hardware or software. Manage and coordinate planning, design, operations, maintenance, and resource allocation of telecommunications activities, including client/server support and strategic and tactical planning. Consult with and advise others on administrative policies and procedures, technical problems, priorities, and methods related to telecommunications.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/Open Door Policy process. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Follow all company policies and procedures; protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Visually verify information. Enter and locate information using computers/Point of Sale (POS) systems. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this IT Specialist job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21044860?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 