---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Food & Beverage Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-28 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Food & Beverage Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Food & Beverage Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Food & Beverage Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Food & Beverage Manager.. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Food & Beverage Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Feb 23, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21012645<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Desaru FP, 2 Jalan Kempas Lama 1 Taman Kempas Utama Skudai, Desaru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, a 311 room hotel, located close to Desaru's attractions, including SKS City Mall, the first shopping mall in Desaru as well as Desaru City Commercial Hub within walking distance; and Desaru Coast, an amalgamation of an adventure waterpark and 45-hole championship golf course just ten minutes away. Reflecting the brand's promise to cater to today 's everyday travelers' needs.</p> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, when opened, is expected to allow guests to kick back and relax with its approachable design and timeless style, coupled with genuine service and modern essentials. The hotel is expected to feature the The Mesh Restaurant &amp; its signature Best Brew&#8482; program, which promises to offer guests craft beers with authentic flavors and distinctive culture. It also comprises of 1650sqm of function space, 1000sqm Grand Ballroom and a 650 sqm Junior Ballroom.</p> <p>It is also well connected to major roads and highways, located approximately 30 minutes from Senai International Airport and easily accessible from Tanjung Belungkor Ferry Terminal, a ferry hub with a Singapore-Malaysia connection via the Changi Ferry Terminal.</p> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>Position responsible for all the food and beverage operations, which includes all culinary, restaurant, beverage and room service operations. Oversees guest and employee satisfaction, maintaining standards and meeting or exceeding financial goals. Demonstrates knowledge and proficiency of all applicable food and beverage laws and regulations. Develops and implements business plan for food and beverage.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Food Service Management, Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 2 years experience in the food and beverage, culinary, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Developing and Maintaining Budgets</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Develops and manages all financial, employee engagement and guest satisfaction plans and actions for Food and Beverage departments.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains a positive cost management index for kitchen and restaurant operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes budgets to understand financial objectives.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Food and Beverage Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Manages the Food and Beverage departments (not catering sales).</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises and manages employees. Manages all day-to-day operations. Understands employee positions well enough to perform duties in employees' absence.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Oversees all culinary, restaurant, beverage and room service operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates and nurtures a property environment that emphasizes motivation, empowerment, teamwork, continuous improvement and a passion for providing service.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service to all employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds quickly and proactively to employee's concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides a learning atmosphere with a focus on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides proactive coaching and counseling to team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors and maintains the productivity level of employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish work.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides the leadership, vision and direction to bring together and prioritize the departmental goals in a way that will be efficient and effective.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets clear expectations with the employees and team leaders and verifies that appropriate rewards are given if expectations are exceeded.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds quickly and proactively to guest's concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the brand's service culture.</p> <p>&#8226; Drives alignment of all employees, team leaders and managers to the brand's service culture.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets service expectations for all guests internally and externally.</p> <p>&#8226; Takes ownership of a guest complaint/problem until it is resolved or it has been addressed by the appropriate manager or employee.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies all banquet functions are up to standard and exceed guest's expectations.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p>&#8226; Improves service by communicating and assisting individuals to understand guest needs, providing guidance, feedback, and individual coaching when needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages day-to-day operations, drives quality, and verifies standards are meeting the expectations of the customers on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting </strong> <strong>Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts performance reviews in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Promotes both Guarantee of Fair Treatment and Open Door policies.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the developmental needs of others and coaches, mentors, or otherwise helps others to improve their knowledge or skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the educational needs of others, develops formal educational or training programs or classes, and teaches or instructs others.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops an action plan to attack need areas and expand on strengths based on employee engagement and guest satisfaction results.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Complies with all corporate accounting procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Drives effective departmental communication and information systems through logs, department meetings and property meetings.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Food & Beverage Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21012645?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 