---
title: "The Ritz-Carlton Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - EAM Rooms" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-08 
excerpt: "The Ritz-Carlton Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for EAM Rooms position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan EAM Rooms." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Ritz-Carlton Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for EAM Rooms position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan EAM Rooms. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- EAM Rooms 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 07, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21043165<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Ritz-Carlton Kuala Lumpur, 168 Jalan Imbi, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> The Ritz-Carlton<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    At more than 80 award-winning properties worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen create experiences so exceptional that long after a guest stays with us, the experience stays with them. As the premier worldwide provider of luxury experiences, we set the standard for rare and special luxury service the world over. We invite you to explore The Ritz-Carlton.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Functions as the strategic business leader of the property's Rooms department. Responsible for planning, developing, implementing and evaluating the quality of property&#8217;s rooms. Position works with direct reports to develop and implement departmental strategies and ensures implementation of the brand service strategy and brand initiatives. The position ensures Rooms operations meet the brand&#8217;s standards, targets customer needs, ensures employee satisfaction, focuses on growing revenues and maximizes the financial performance of the department. Develops and implements property-wide strategies that deliver products and services to meet or exceed the needs and expectations of the brand&#8217;s target customer and employees and provides a return on investment to the owner and company.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Business Administration, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 4 years experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, sales and marketing, management operations, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, sales and marketing, management operations, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Rooms Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Champions the brand&#8217;s service vision for product and service delivery.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates a clear and consistent message regarding departmental goals to produce desired results.</p> <p>&#8226; Makes and executes the necessary decisions to keep property moving forward toward achievement of goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors and promotes room rates, specials, and promotions at the residence.</p> <p>&#8226; Review all out-of-order rooms daily with respective departments to determine most current status and estimated date for return to room inventory.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Profitability and Revenue Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes service issues and identifies trends.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with Rooms team to develop an operational strategy that is aligned with the brand&#8217;s business strategy and leads its execution.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews and audits expenses (e.g., departmental/divisional profits, payroll expenses, rooms&#8217; expenses, cost per occupied room, previous day&#8217;s occupancy and room revenues).</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts weekly meetings with divisional managers and review all information pertinent to the week&#8217;s business.</p> <p>&#8226; Prepares monthly, quarterly and yearly Rooms Division financial forecasts.</p> <p>&#8226; Prepares annual capital expenditures report.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors Rooms operations sales performance against budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews reports and financial statements to determine Rooms operations performance against budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Coaches and supports operations team to effectively manage occupancy and rate, wages and controllable expenses.</p> <p>&#8226; Compares budgeted wages to actual wages, coaching direct reports to address problem areas and holding team accountable for results.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring and Providing Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates and communicates key drivers of guest satisfaction for the brand&#8217;s target customer.</p> <p>&#8226; Delivers excellent customer service throughout the customer experience and encourages the same from other employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews guest feedback with leadership team and ensures appropriate corrective action is taken.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates and communicates event details both verbally and in writing to the customer and property operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates an atmosphere in all Rooms areas that meets or exceeds guest expectations.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses personal judgment and expertise to enhance the customer experience.</p> <p>&#8226; Stays available to solve problems and/or suggest alternatives to previous arrangements.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.</p> <p>&#8226; Stays visible and interfaces with customers on a regular basis to obtain feedback on quality of product, service levels and overall satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Works to continually improve customer service by integrating obtained feedback and personal judgment into action plans.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that employees understand expectations and parameters for Room duties.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitor and handle guest complaints by following the instant pacification procedures and ensuring guest satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Anticipate sold-out situations/and know how many rooms are overbooked. Assist in locating alternative accommodations for guests and assist in &#8220;walking&#8221; guests, following hotel policies and procedures. Follow-up the next day to ensure that guests are welcomed back to the hotel in accordance with hotel policies and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Review resumes for arriving groups; follow up with all departments to ensure preparations are made for arrivals.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Facilitates the development of creative solutions to overcome obstacles and ensures implementation to continually improve guest satisfaction results.</p> <p>&#8226; Interviews and hires employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are treated fairly and equitably.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that regular, ongoing communication is happening in Rooms (e.g., pre-shift briefings, staff meetings).</p> <p>&#8226; Fosters employee commitment to providing excellent service, participates in daily stand-up meetings and models desired service behaviors in all interactions with guests and employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Incorporates guest satisfaction as a component of staff/operations meetings with an emphasis on generating innovative ways to continually improve results.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets goals and expectations for direct reports using the performance review process and holds staff accountable for successful performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback, utilizes an &#8220;open door policy&#8221; and reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently, disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and supports the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts annual performance appraisal with direct reports according to Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Champions change, ensures brand and regional business initiatives are implemented and communicates follow-up actions to team as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies talents of direct reports and their teams, and assists with their growth and development plans.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this EAM Rooms job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21043165?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 