---
title: "Courtyard Penang Job Vacancies 2021 - Loss Prevention Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-05 
excerpt: "Courtyard Penang job vacancies 2021 for Loss Prevention Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong Courtyard Penang terkini untuk kekosongan Loss Prevention Supervisor." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Courtyard Penang job vacancies 2021 for Loss Prevention Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong Courtyard Penang terkini untuk kekosongan Loss Prevention Supervisor. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Loss Prevention Supervisor 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 05, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21042967<br><b>Job Category</b> Loss Prevention &amp; Security<br><b>Location</b> Courtyard Penang, 218D Jalan Macalister, George Town, Penang, PG, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Courtyard by Marriott<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    With more than 330 managed locations in more than 20 countries Courtyard by Marriott offers a refreshing environment that helps guests stay connected and balanced. Working at Courtyard, you'll ensure guests have a smooth, productive stay that meets their personal and business needs. Find Your World&#8482; at Courtyard by Marriott.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Patrol all areas of the property; secure rooms; assist guests with room access. Conduct emergency response drills, daily physical hazard/safety inspections, investigations, interviews, and key control audit. Monitor Closed Circuit Televisions and alarm systems. Authorize, monitor, and document access to secured areas. Assist guests/employees during emergency situations. Respond to accidents, contact EMS or administer first aid/CPR as required. Gather information and complete reports. Maintain confidentiality of reports/documents, release information to authorized individuals. Defuse disturbances in accordance with company policies and procedures. Resolve safety hazard situations. Handle all interruptions and complaints. Escort unwelcome persons from the property. Ensure compliance with alcoholic beverage control laws. Call for assistance using proper code responses. Provide proper paperwork to employees.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in training, motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/Open Door Policy process. Follow all company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. In addition, some states may have additional licensing/registration requirements to be considered for this position. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Move at a speed required to respond to work situations (e.g., run, walk, jog). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and objects weighing in excess of 75 pounds with assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Loss Prevention Supervisor job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21042967?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 