---
title: "AsiaticHotel Job Vacancies 2021 - General Manager Hotel" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "AsiaticHotel is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the General Manager Hotel which positioned at Melaka" 
tags: [Melaka] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>AsiaticHotel is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>General Manager Hotel</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong AsiaticHotel 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>General Manager Hotel</b>. 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The General manager is responsible for all aspects of operations at the hotel, to day-to-day staff management and&#160;guests. He / She should be an ambassador for the brand and hotel. Provide leadership and strategic planning to all departments in support of our service culture, maximized operations and guest satisfaction. Work Very closely with the hotel owners and other stake holders.</p><p>Responsible for managing the Hotels management team and overall hotel targets to deliver an excellent Guest experience. A General Manager would also be required to manage between profitability and guest satisfaction measures.</p><p><strong>GM DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p><ul><li>Oversee the operations&#160;functions&#160;of the hotel, as per the Organizational chart.</li><li>Hold regular briefings and meetings with all head of departments.</li><li>Ensure full compliance to Hotel operating controls, SOP&#8217;s, policies, procedures and service standards.</li><li>Lead all key property issues including capital projects, customer service and refurbishment.</li><li>Handling complaints, and oversee the service recovery procedures.</li><li>Responsible for the preparation, presentation and subsequent achievement of the hotel's annual Operating Budget,&#160;Marketing&#160;&amp; Sales&#160;Plan&#160;and Capital Budget.</li><li>Manage on-going profitability of the hotel, ensuring revenue and guest satisfaction targets are met and exceeded.</li><li>Ensure all decisions are made in the best interest of the hotels and management.</li><li>Deliver hotel budget goals and&#160;set&#160;other&#160;short&#160;and long term strategic goals for the property.</li><li>Developing improvement actions, carry out costs savings.</li><li>A strong understanding of P&amp;L statements and the ability to react with impactful strategies</li><li>Closely monitor the&#160;hotels business reports&#160;on a daily basis and take decisions accordingly.&#160;</li><li>Ensure that monthly financial outlooks for Rooms,Food &amp; Beverage, Admin &amp; General, on target and accurate.</li><li>Maximizing room yield and hotels /&#160;resort&#160;revenue through innovative sales practices and yield management programs.</li><li>Prepare a monthly financial reporting for the owners and stake holders.</li><li>Draw up plans and budget (revenues, costs, etc.) for the owners.</li><li>Helping in the procurement of operating supplies and equipment, and contracting with third-party vendors for essential equipments and services.</li><li><br></li><li>Act as a final decision maker in hiring a key staffs.</li><li>Coordination with HOD's for the execution of all activities and functions.</li><li>Overseeing and managing all departments and working closely with department heads on a daily basis.</li><li>Manage and develop the Hotel Executive team to ensure career progression and development.</li><li>Be accountable for responsibilities of department heads and take ownership of all guest complaints.</li><li>Provide effective leadership to hotel team members.</li><li>Lead in all aspects of business planning.</li><li>Respond to audits to ensure continual improvement is achieved.</li><li>Corporate client handling and take part in new client acquisition along with the sales team whenever required.</li><li>Assisting in residential sales as and when required and development with strong sales prospects.</li><li>Responsible for safeguarding the quality of operations both (internal &amp; external audits).</li><li>Responsible for legalization, Occupational Health &amp;&#160;Safety&#160;Act,&#160;fire&#160;regulations and other legal requirements.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>Nestled in the city center, Asiatic Hotel is only 15 minute away from&#160;UNESCO World Heritage site of downtown old Melaka attractions&#160;such as&#160;Jonker Street Melaka, Melaka River Cruise, The Stadhuys&#160;and Maritime Museum.&#160;Asiatic Hotel&#160;offers&#160;well-equipped rooms with modern interiors and&#160;charm characteristic feature utmost comfort, style and convenience&#160;and we are ready to provide&#160;among the best service along to&#160;ensure the top comfort for our guests which make it perfect place for you to start the day with the stay with Asiatic Hotel.&#160;</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Melaka. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/general-manager-hotel-4575680?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4575680" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 