---
title: "Asia Hospitality Academy Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Outlet Manager (Hotel)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-18 
excerpt: "Asia Hospitality Academy job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Outlet Manager (Hotel) position which based in Kuantan. Jawatan kosong Asia Hospitality Academy 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Outlet Manager (Hotel) penempatan di Kuantan" 
tags: [Kuantan] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Asia Hospitality Academy job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Outlet Manager (Hotel) position which based in Kuantan. Jawatan kosong Asia Hospitality Academy 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Outlet Manager (Hotel) penempatan di Kuantan. 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Outlet Manager (Hotel) 
<div><p><b>Requirements</b></p><ul><li><b>Min SPM/Diploma with minimum 2 years experience in F&amp;B</b></li></ul><p><b>Main duties</b></p><p><i>Administration</i></p><ul><li>Assist to ensure that the F&amp;B activities are aligned with the respective Corporate Strategy and that the Hotel Actions have been implemented where appropriate.</li><li>Assist to prepare and update Departmental Operations Manuals as appropriate.</li><li>Assist to conduct regular divisional communications meetings and ensure that departmental briefings and meetings are effective and conducted as necessary.</li></ul><p><i>Customer Service</i></p><ul><li>Ensures that all associates provide excellent service to internal customers in other departments as appropriate.</li><li>Handles all guest and internal customer complaints and inquiries in courteous and efficient manner.</li></ul><ul><li>Ensure the Outlet is managed well by the respective associates and functions to the fullest expectation.</li></ul><p><i>Financial</i></p><ul><li>Assists the Outlet Manager to achieve the monthly and annual personal target and the outlet's revenue.</li><li>Assist in the inventory management and ongoing maintenance of hotel operating and other assets.</li></ul><p><i>Marketing</i></p><ul><li>Prepares with the Outlet team, a yearly marketing plan which is the basis of the F&amp;B Annual Marketing Plan.</li><li>Evaluates local, national and international market trends, vendors and other hotel operations constantly to make sure that the hotel's operations remain competitive and cutting edge.</li><li>Continuously seeks Marketing and Public Relations opportunities to increase awareness and ultimately business.</li></ul><p><i>Operational</i></p><ul><li>Tastes and monitors the F&amp;B products served throughout the operation, provides feedback where appropriate.</li><li>Monitor service and F&amp;B standards in the Outlet.</li><li>Liaise and organised with Housekeeping Department that the established cleaning schedules are strictly adhered to.</li><li>Have a thorough knowledge and understanding of all F&amp;B items in the menu and the ability to recommend F&amp;B combinations and upsell alternatives.</li></ul><p><i>Personnel</i></p><ul><li>Assist in the recruitment and selection of all F&amp;B associates.</li><li>Maximize the effectiveness of associates by developing their skills and abilities through the appropriate learning, coaching / mentoring.</li><li>Ensures the associates follow all local rules, policies and regulations relating to fire and hazard safety and security.</li></ul><p><b>*No accommodation provided</b></p><p><b>*Kuantan civilian preferred</b></p><p>Job Type: Full-time</p><p>Education:</p><ul><li>STM/STPM (Preferred)</li></ul><p>Experience:</p><ul><li>Assistant Outlet Manager: 1 year (Preferred)</li><li>F&amp;B Hotel: 1 year (Preferred)</li><li>Hotel Management: 1 year (Preferred)</li></ul><p>Language:</p><ul><li>English (Preferred)</li></ul><p>COVID-19 Precaution(s):</p><ul><li>Temperature screenings</li><li>Social distancing guidelines in place</li><li>Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place</li></ul></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Outlet Manager (Hotel) job online through Indeed Malaysia 
<a href="https://malaysia.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2e58ac97a710e75c" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 