---
title: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Housekeeping Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-23 
excerpt: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Housekeeping Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Housekeeping Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Housekeeping Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Housekeeping Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Housekeeping Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 22, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21038278<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi, Jalan Pantai Kok, Teluk Nibung, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> The Ritz-Carlton<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    At more than 80 award-winning properties worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen create experiences so exceptional that long after a guest stays with us, the experience stays with them. As the premier worldwide provider of luxury experiences, we set the standard for rare and special luxury service the world over. We invite you to explore The Ritz-Carlton.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Inspect guest rooms, public areas, pool, etc. after being cleaned by Housekeeper to ensure quality standards. Run sold room reports, verify room status, determine discrepant rooms, prioritize room cleaning, and update status of departing guest rooms. Assist Housekeeping management in managing daily activities. Act as a liaison to coordinate the efforts of Housekeeping, Engineering, Front Office, and Laundry. Document and resolve issues with discrepant rooms with the Front Desk. Prepare, distribute, and communicate changes in room assignments. Communicate issues to next shift. Complete required paperwork.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 55 pounds without assistance and in excess of 55 pounds with assistance. Ability to push and pull a loaded housekeeping cart and other work-related machinery over sloping and uneven surfaces. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Stand, sit, kneel, or walk for an extended period across an entire work shift. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Housekeeping Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21038278?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 