---
title: "Recreation Job Vacancies 2021 - Attendan" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-04 
excerpt: "Recreation job vacancies 2021 for Attendan position. Jawatan kosong Recreation terkini untuk kekosongan Attendan." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Recreation job vacancies 2021 for Attendan position. Jawatan kosong Recreation terkini untuk kekosongan Attendan. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Attendan 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 04, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21017960<br><b>Job Category</b> Golf, Fitness, &amp; Entertainment<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur Chinatown, No 2 Jalan Balai Polis, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Encourage, recruit, register, and schedule guests to participate in recreation activities. Promote a fun and relaxing atmosphere for guests. Provide information to guests about available recreation facilities and activities. Promote the rules and regulations of the recreation facility intended for the safety and welfare of guests and members. Observe activity in the recreational facility and respond appropriately in accordance with local operating procedure in the event of an emergency. Be aware of possible situations where guests are not able to safely participate in an activity and inform supervisor/manager. Clean and maintain recreational equipment and supplies.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Follow company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance is clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Process payments for rental equipment, recreation activities, facility rentals, or retail sales. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance and objects weighing in excess of 50 pounds with assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Attendan job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21017960?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 