---
title: "Courtyard Penang Job Vacancies 2021 - General Technician" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-20 
excerpt: "Courtyard Penang job vacancies 2021 for General Technician position. Jawatan kosong Courtyard Penang terkini untuk kekosongan General Technician." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Courtyard Penang job vacancies 2021 for General Technician position. Jawatan kosong Courtyard Penang terkini untuk kekosongan General Technician. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- General Technician 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 20, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21037162<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> Courtyard Penang, 218D Jalan Macalister, George Town, Penang, PG, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Courtyard by Marriott<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    With more than 330 managed locations in more than 20 countries Courtyard by Marriott offers a refreshing environment that helps guests stay connected and balanced. Working at Courtyard, you'll ensure guests have a smooth, productive stay that meets their personal and business needs. Find Your World&#8482; at Courtyard by Marriott.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Respond and attend to guest repair requests. Communicate with guests/customers to resolve maintenance issues with little to no supervision. Perform preventive maintenance on tools and equipment, including cleaning and lubrication. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Carry equipment (e.g., tools, radio). Identify, locate, and operate all shut-off valves for equipment. Maintain maintenance inventory and requisition parts and supplies as needed. Assure each day&#8217;s activities and problems that occur are communicated to the other shifts using approved communication programs and standards. Display advanced ability to read standard blue prints and electrical schematics concerning plumbing and HVAC. Display above average engineering operations skills and strong general mechanical ability. Display proficiency in at least three of the following categories, above average skills in three more of the following categories and basic skills in the remaining categories: air conditioning and refrigeration, electrical, mechanical, plumbing, pneumatic/electronic systems and controls, carpentry and finish skills, kitchen equipment, vehicles, energy conservation, and/or general building management. Display solid knowledge and skill in the safe use of hand and power tools and other materials required to perform repair and maintenance tasks. Safely perform highly complex repairs of the physical property, electrical, plumbing and mechanical equipment, air conditioners, refrigeration and pool heaters - ensuring all methods, materials and practices meet company standards and Local and National codes - with little or no supervision. Troubleshoot and perform repairs on all types of equipment (e.g., pump and motor replacement), plumbing (e.g., plunge toilets and unclog drains), electrical equipment including lamps, air conditioners, HVAC equipment, cosmetic items, extension cords, vacuum cleaners, internet devices, replace electrical switches and outlets, and program TV's. Use the Lockout/Tagout system before performing any maintenance work. Display advanced knowledge of all engineering computer programs related to preventative maintenance, energy management, and other systems, including devices that interact with such programs. Perform advanced troubleshooting of hotel Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing (MEP) systems. Display the ability to train and mentor other engineers as necessary. Display ability to perform Engineer on Duty responsibilities, including readings and rounds.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications; and properly store flammable materials. Ensure uniform and personal appearances are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Adhere to quality expectations and standards. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and heavier lifting or movement tasks with assistance. Move up and down stairs, service ramps, and/or ladders. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Enter and locate work-related information using computers. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this General Technician job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21037162?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 