---
title: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral Job Vacancies 2021 - Maintenance Talent" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-12 
excerpt: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Maintenance Talent position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Maintenance Talent." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Maintenance Talent position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Maintenance Talent. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Maintenance Talent 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 09, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21058118<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral, No. 5 Jalan Stesen Sentral, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Aloft Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Aloft Hotels we&#8217;re wired for next generation travelers who love open spaces, open thinking, and open expression. Aloft provides a space where style is necessary, social scenes are vibrant, and where the only direction is forward. Our guests are tech savvy and confidently social, with an eclectic style they&#8217;re not afraid to show. We understand what our guests need, so we provide an affordable option for the tech-savvy design guru. We&#8217;re looking for innovative self-expressers who aren&#8217;t afraid to draw outside the lines. If you are someone who appreciates tech-forward features and vibrant social scenes, then we invite you to explore a career with Aloft Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Respond and attend to guest repair requests. Communicate with guests/customers to resolve maintenance issues. Perform preventive maintenance on tools and kitchen and mechanical room equipment, including cleaning and lubrication. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Carry equipment (e.g., tools, radio). Identify, locate, and operate all shut-off valves for equipment and all utility shut-offs for buildings. Maintain maintenance inventory and requisition parts and supplies as needed. Communicate each day&#8217;s activities and problems that occur to the other shifts using approved communication programs and standards. Display basic knowledge or ability to acquire knowledge in the following categories: air conditioning and refrigeration, electrical, mechanical, plumbing, pneumatic/electronic systems and controls, carpentry and finish skills, kitchen equipment, vehicles, energy conservation, and/or general building. Perform all surface preparation, painting, minor drywall and wood trim repair, light bulb and A/C filter replacement and the complete and thorough cleanup of the painting or repair area. Test, troubleshoot and perform basic repair on all types of equipment, plumbing (e.g., plunge toilets and unclog drains), electrical components including lamps, cosmetic items, extension cords, vacuum cleaners, internet devices, replace electrical switches and outlets, and other guestroom items. Program TV's and perform general housekeeping and engineering-related inventory duties. Use the Lockout/Tagout system before performing any maintenance work. Perform repairs on interior and exterior landscaping as well as external landscaping sprinklers. Display basic computer skills including inputting air handler schedules and making temperature changes.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications; and properly store flammable materials. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Adhere to quality expectations and standards. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and heavier lifting or movement tasks with assistance. Move up and down stairs, service ramps, and/or ladders. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Enter and locate work-related information using computers. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Maintenance Talent job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21058118?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 