---
title: "SWISS-BELHOTEL KUANTAN Job Vacancies 2021 - Duty Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-11 
excerpt: "SWISS-BELHOTEL KUANTAN is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Duty Manager which positioned at Kuantan" 
tags: [Kuantan] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SWISS-BELHOTEL KUANTAN is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Duty Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong SWISS-BELHOTEL KUANTAN 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Duty Manager</b>. 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Responsible to assist the Front Office Manager in&#160;managing and coordinating all aspects of departments under your supervision to maximize revenues and profits to agreed budgets while ensuring guest satisfaction throughout the customer journey.&#160;</p><ul><li>Coordinate the tasks and operations of departments under your supervision.</li><li>Prepare and produce detailed financial reports as required in a timely fashion.</li><li>Ensure all operating procedures are strictly adhered to for areas under your supervision.</li><li>Review hotel arrivals, departures, and in-house reports to manage guest requests, VIP arrivals, SBEC arrivals, group bookings, and other reservations requiring special attention.</li><li>Ensure all Hotel guests are greeted, registered, assisted, and checked out efficiently.</li><li>Ensure guestroom and master keys are properly managed at all levels.</li><li>Ensure arrangements for VIP guests are properly organized and inspected and handle VIP guests as required.</li><li>Ensure all group bookings are coordinated for smooth handling upon arrival and departure.</li><li>Assist guests with SBEC membership details, queries, and enrolment as required.</li><li>Assist with room inspections to ensure standards of quality are adhered to.</li><li>Be readily available to handle guest queries and resolve issues in a timely and professional manner.</li><li>Monitor guest feedback and make recommendations for improvements or new products or services to meet guest needs.</li><li>Ensure all department-level billing, cashiering, and cash float procedures are strictly adhered to.</li><li>Be available to address issues about charge disputes and discrepancies when required including the authorization of rebates, discounts, and comps.</li><li>Ensure all new employees are properly oriented into their roles and provide personal coaching where required.</li><li>Manage the schedule, payroll costs, overtime, and schedule requests for areas under your supervision to ensure proper coverage to meet business needs.</li><li>Attend and coordinate regular meetings including management and departmental meetings for areas under your supervision.</li><li>Conduct regular walkthroughs of public and back-of-house areas to ensure cleanliness and coordinate additional cleaning tasks with the Housekeeping Department.</li><li>Maintain a complete understanding of the Hotel&#8217;s policy relating to fire, safety, and health, and ensure all precautions are taken to safeguard against incidents for areas under your supervision.</li><li>Perform other assignments to meet business needs as directed by your superiors.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Self-motivated, innovative thinking, and high attention to detail.</li><li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills.</li><li>Strong leadership, coaching, and counseling skills.</li><li>Strong analytical skills and strategic thinking.</li><li>Good financial management skills.</li><li>Ability to organise and lead complex projects.</li><li>Able to multi-task and prioritise tasks consistent with business objectives.</li><li>Computer literate with knowledge of Word, Excel, PPT, industry related software desired.</li><li>Fluent in English, conversational in local language desired.</li><li>Must be available to work various shifts including weekends and holidays (mornings, afternoons and&#160;especially graveyard shifts)</li><li>Applicant must be willing to be based in Kuantan, Pahang.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>Founded in 1987 and headquartered in Hong Kong, <strong>Swiss-Belhotel International</strong> is recognized as one of the world's fastest-growing hotel management groups. <strong>Swiss-Belhotel International</strong> provides professional expertise and management services for hotels, resorts and serviced residences. Ranked amongst the world&#8217;s top 100 international hotel management companies, <strong>Swiss-Belhotel International</strong> has been awarded six times as Indonesia's Leading Global Hotel Chain and Favourite 4-Star Hotel.</div>
<div>With a growing portfolio of more than 145 hotels, resorts and projects, <strong>Swiss-Belhotel International manages </strong>properties in 21 countries including China,Vietnam, Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia, Cambodia, Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Australia, New Zealand,Bulgaria, Georgia, Turkey and Tanzania.</div>
<div>In addition to the Group Corporate Head Office in Hong Kong, <strong>Swiss-Belhotel International's</strong> worldwide operations are supported by Group / Regional Operations and Development Offices in Shanghai (China), Hanoi (Vietnam), Jakarta &amp; Bali (Indonesia), Athens (Greece), Sydney (Australia), Auckland (New Zealand), Dubai (United Arab Emirates).</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuantan. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/duty-manager-4563578?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4563578" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 