---
title: "The St. Regis Langkawi Job Vacancies 2021 - Food & Beverage Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-24 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Food & Beverage Manager position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Food & Beverage Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Food & Beverage Manager position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Food & Beverage Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Food & Beverage Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 23, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21025345<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Langkawi, Jalan Pantai Beringin, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assists in leading the property&#8217;s food and beverage/culinary operation, including Restaurants/Bars, Room Service, and Banquets/Catering, where applicable. Position oversees the development and implementation of departmental strategies and ensures implementation of the brand service strategy and brand initiatives. The position ensures the food and beverage/culinary operation meets the brand&#8217;s target customer needs, ensures employee satisfaction, focuses on growing revenues and maximizes the financial performance of the department. Delivers products and services to meet or exceed the needs and expectations of the brand&#8217;s target customer and property employees and provides a return on investment.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 6 years experience in the food and beverage, culinary, event management, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Food Service Management, Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 4 years experience in the food and beverage, culinary, event management, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Developing and Executing Food and Beverage Strategy and Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works with direct reports to develop and implement promotions, food and wine pairings, menu items and presentations.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops a food and beverage operating strategy that is aligned with the brand&#8217;s business strategy and leads its execution.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures integration of departmental goals in game plans.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Food and Beverage Teams</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that regular, on-going communication occurs in all areas of food and beverage (e.g., pre-meal briefings, staff meetings, culinary team).</p> <p>&#8226; Works with direct reports to review business in house and potential business in surrounding area and troubleshoot potential challenges/conflicts.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that regular, on-going communication occurs in all areas of food and beverage (e.g., pre-meal briefings and staff meetings).</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews staffing levels to ensure that guest service and operational needs are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets expectations and holds food and beverage leadership team accountable for demonstrating desired service behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides feedback to employees based on observation of service behaviors.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes employee feedback and an &#8220;open door&#8221; policy to identify and address employee problems or concerns in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates critical information gained from pre- and post-convention meetings to areas of responsibility.</p> <p>&#8226; Estimate food, liquor, wine, and other beverage consumption in order to anticipate amounts to be purchased or requisitioned.</p> <p>&#8226; Order and purchase equipment and supplies.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maximizing Food and Beverage Revenue</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Reviews financial reports and statements to determine how Food and Beverage is performing against budget.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures cash control and liquor control policies are in place in food &amp; beverage areas and followed by all related employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages calculated risk-taking to generate incremental revenue and deliver Savvy Service.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Creates an atmosphere in all food and beverage areas that meets or exceeds guest expectations.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews comment cards, guest satisfaction results and other data to identify areas of improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently, disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and supports the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts annual performance appraisals with direct reports according to Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates and executes departmental and property emergency procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Hires food &amp; beverage leadership team members who demonstrate strong functional expertise, creativity and entrepreneurial leadership to meet the business needs of the operation.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures new hires participate in the department&#8217;s orientation program and receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets goals and expectations for direct reports using the performance review process and holds staff accountable for successful performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Establishes guidelines so employees understand expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees receive on-going training to understand guest expectations.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Food & Beverage Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21025345?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 