---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Executive Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-23 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Executive Assistant position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Executive Assistant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Executive Assistant position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Executive Assistant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Executive Assistant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 14, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21020627<br><b>Job Category</b> Administrative<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, a 311 room hotel, located close to Desaru's attractions, including SKS City Mall, the first shopping mall in Desaru as well as Desaru City Commercial Hub within walking distance; and Desaru Coast, an amalgamation of an adventure waterpark and 45-hole championship golf course just ten minutes away. The hotel feature the The Mesh Restaurant &amp; its signature Best Brew&#8482; program, which promises to offer guests craft beers with authentic flavors. It also comprises of 1650sqm of function space, 1000sqm Grand Ballroom and a 650 sqm Junior Ballroom. The hotel is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>Greet persons entering the office, determine nature and purpose of visit, and direct/escort to destination. Open, read, and prepare answers to routine letters. Locate and attach appropriate files to incoming correspondence requiring replies. Take and distribute meeting minutes to appropriate individuals. Handle and distribute incoming and outgoing mail. Create and maintain computer- and paper-based filing and organization systems for records, reports, documents, etc. Transmit information or documents using a computer, mail, or facsimile machine. Prepare letters, memos, and other documents using word processing, spreadsheet, database, or presentation software. Enter and retrieve information contained in computer databases using a keyboard, mouse, or trackball to update records, files, reservations, and answer inquiries from guests. Operate standard office equipment other than computers such as telephone, typewriter, fax, photocopier, calculator, and electronic peripherals. Document and communicate all guest requests/complaints to appropriate personnel.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures, ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Executive Assistant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21020627?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 