---
title: "Element Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Housekeeping Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-07 
excerpt: "Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Housekeeping Attendant position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Housekeeping Attendant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Housekeeping Attendant position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Housekeeping Attendant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Housekeeping Attendant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 06, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21043539<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> Element Kuala Lumpur, Ilham Tower, 8 Jalan Binjai, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Element Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Element, we believe that travelers deserve more than a place to stay. They need a place to thrive, where they can start every day fresh, focused, feeling alive. Whether they&#8217;re stopping by for a few days or settling in for a few weeks, time away from home shouldn&#8217;t mean time away from life. Our travelers recognize and appreciate our approachable, multidimensional staff, and we are energized by helping them find their own space in Element. We help our guests live life away as they do at home, no matter how long they stay. If you&#8217;re an active optimist who doesn&#8217;t second guess connecting with like-minded guests and creating a balanced space for yourself and those around you, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Element.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Respond promptly to requests from guests and other departments. Identify and report preventative or other maintenance issues in public areas or guest rooms. Post caution signs. Contact other departments directly for urgent repairs. Deliver guest requests and set up furniture items in guest rooms as requested. Remove items from hallways and transport to service areas, including debris, room service food and beverage trays, unread newspapers, soiled linens, and trash placed near Housekeeper carts. Clean, maintain, and store cleaning equipment.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications; properly store flammable materials. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 55 pounds without assistance and in excess of 55 pounds with assistance. Ability to push and pull a loaded a housekeeping cart and other work-related machinery over sloping and uneven surfaces. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move up and down a ladder. Stand, sit, kneel, or walk for an extended period across an entire work shift. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Housekeeping Attendant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21043539?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 