---
title: "Element Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Bellman" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-22 
excerpt: "Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Bellman position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Bellman." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Element Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Bellman position. Jawatan kosong Element Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Bellman. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Bellman 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 22, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21038213<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Element Kuala Lumpur, Ilham Tower, 8 Jalan Binjai, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Element Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Element, we believe that travelers deserve more than a place to stay. They need a place to thrive, where they can start every day fresh, focused, feeling alive. Whether they&#8217;re stopping by for a few days or settling in for a few weeks, time away from home shouldn&#8217;t mean time away from life. Our travelers recognize and appreciate our approachable, multidimensional staff, and we are energized by helping them find their own space in Element. We help our guests live life away as they do at home, no matter how long they stay. If you&#8217;re an active optimist who doesn&#8217;t second guess connecting with like-minded guests and creating a balanced space for yourself and those around you, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Element.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Greet and escort guests to rooms. Open doors and assist guests/visitors entering and leaving property. Inform guests of property amenities, services, and hours of operation, and local areas of interest and activities. Identify and explain room features to guests (e.g., use of room key, mini-bar, ice and vending areas, in-room safe, valet laundry services). Transport guest luggage to and from guest rooms and/or designated bell area. Assist with luggage storage and retrieval. Assist guests/visitors in and out of vehicles, including assisting guests with loading/unloading luggage. Supply guests with directions. Arrange transportation (e.g., taxi cab, shuttle bus, limousine/sedan service) for guests/visitors, and record advance transportation request as needed. Communicate parking procedures to guests/visitors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures, and report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Maintain awareness of undesirable persons on property premises. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional and maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Welcome and acknowledge all guests, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Move at a speed required to respond to work situations (e.g., run, walk, jog). Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and objects weighing in excess of 75 pounds with assistance. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Bellman job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21038213?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 