---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Security Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-23 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Security Officer position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Security Officer." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Security Officer position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Security Officer. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Security Officer 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 22, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21024714<br><b>Job Category</b> Loss Prevention &amp; Security<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Welcome to our family</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>We welcome you to be a member of our global, diverse Marriott family. Whether traveling across the city or around the globe we realize the importance of making each guest feel as welcome and secure as possible. Your protective nature and attention to details will play an important role in our success. Here, your work is appreciated as much as your individuality and you will be supported in all of your efforts.&#160;&#160;&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Your watchful eye and protective instinct goes far beyond basic. Because of you, our guests can come and go freely without worry. Your dedication to safety provides the guest the same sense of security as they feel in their own home.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll do</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Patrol all areas of the property and assist guests with room access</li> <li>Monitor security feeds and conduct daily physical hazard inspections</li> <li>Respond to accidents and assist guests/employees during emergency situations</li> <li>Defuse guest disturbances and escort individuals from the property if necessary</li> <li>Conduct investigations, gather evidence, and facilitate interviews with relevant parties</li> <li>Complete required shift reports and maintain confidentiality of all loss prevention documents</li> </ul> <p><strong>Perks you deserve</strong></p> <p>We&#8217;ll support you in and out of the workplace by offering:</p> <ul> <li>Team-spirited coworkers</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> </ul> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Strong communication skills</li> <li>A history of thriving in stressful situations</li> <li>A team-first attitude</li> <li>A gift for paying attention to the smallest details</li> <li>Exercise good judgment and maintain a professional demeanor</li> </ul> <p>This role requires compliance with quality assurance expectations and standards. You may be required to stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance and assist with moving objects weighing in excess of 75 pounds. Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>You&#8217;re welcomed here</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Our highest priority is making you feel as welcome as our guests. We want you to feel comfortable being yourself and to know you&#8217;re important to us. You&#8217;ll make an impact in your role, and for that, you&#8217;ll be appreciated and valued.</p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Security Officer job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21024714?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 