---
title: "Le Méridien Putrajaya Job Vacancies 2021 - Housekeeping Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-11 
excerpt: "Le Méridien Putrajaya job vacancies 2021 for Housekeeping Attendant position. Jawatan kosong Le Méridien Putrajaya terkini untuk kekosongan Housekeeping Attendant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Le Méridien Putrajaya job vacancies 2021 for Housekeeping Attendant position. Jawatan kosong Le Méridien Putrajaya terkini untuk kekosongan Housekeeping Attendant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Housekeeping Attendant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 06, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21043381<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> Le M&#233;ridien Putrajaya, Lebuh IRC, Putrajaya, Selangor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Le M&#233;ridien<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Le M&#233;ridien, we believe in helping guests unlock the unexpected and engaging experiences each destination has to offer. Our guests are curious and creative, cosmopolitan, culture seekers that appreciate sophisticated, timeless service. We provide original, chic and memorable service and experiences that inspire guests to unlock the destination. We&#8217;re looking for curious, creative and well-informed people to join our team. If you appreciate connecting with like-minded guests and have a deep desire to create unexpected experiences, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Le M&#233;ridien.<br></div><div> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make</strong></p> <p>When a guest walks into any of our rooms &#8211; imagine that first look around they take. Followed by that sigh of relief because they&#8217;ve arrived to their home away from home, be it for a night or a week, and it&#8217;s perfect. Everything is exactly in its place.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Crisp, pressed linens. Perfectly placed pillows. A sparkling mirror. Every detail adding up to an experience our guests feel great about because they know they&#8217;re in good hands while staying with us. That&#8217;s the impact you make with your efforts, which become even bigger when those experiences add up and create a loyal customer.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll do</strong></p> <ul> <li>Replace guest amenities and supplies in rooms</li> <li>Make beds and fold sheets</li> <li>Remove trash, dirty linens and room service items</li> <li>Greet guests and take care of requests</li> <li>Straighten desk items, furniture and appliances</li> <li>Dust, polish and remove marks from walls and furnishings</li> <li>Vacuum carpets and floor care duties</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Perks you deserve</strong></p> <p>We&#8217;ll support you in and out of the workplace by offering:</p> <ul> <li>Team-spirited coworkers</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> </ul> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <ul> <li>A warm, people-oriented demeanor</li> <li>A team-first attitude</li> <li>A gift for paying attention to the smallest details</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional demeanor, clear communication and appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>You&#8217;re welcome here</strong></p> <p>Our highest priority is making you feel as welcome as our guests. We want you to know you&#8217;re important to us and that you&#8217;ll make an impact in your role, and for that, you&#8217;ll be appreciated and valued.</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Housekeeping Attendant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21043381?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 