---
title: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Chef De Partie" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-23 
excerpt: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Chef De Partie position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Chef De Partie." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Chef De Partie position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Chef De Partie. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Chef De Partie 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 23, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21038160<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel, No. 2, Jalan Permas 11, Bandar Baru Permas Jaya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Renaissance Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask "why" when given an explanation.&#160; Today, you bring your personal style to every experience.&#160; You live life to discover.&#160; You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn&#8217;t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you&#8217;re in the right place.&#160; You&#8217;ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours.&#160; That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re not just looking for anyone.&#160; We&#8217;re looking for someone like you.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Prepare special meals or substitute items. Regulate temperature of ovens, broilers, grills, and roasters. Pull food from freezer storage to thaw in the refrigerator. Ensure proper portion, arrangement, and food garnish. Maintain food logs. Monitor the quality and quantity of food that is prepared. Communicate assistance needed during busy periods. Inform Chef of excess food items for use in daily specials. Inform Food &amp; Beverage service staff of menu specials and out of stock menu items. Ensure the quality of the food items. Prepare and cook food according to recipes, quality standards, presentation standards, and food preparation checklist. Prepare cold foods.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance needs, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Chef De Partie job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21038160?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 