---
title: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Dining Reservation Agent" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-07 
excerpt: "Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Dining Reservation Agent position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Dining Reservation Agent." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Dining Reservation Agent position. Jawatan kosong Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Dining Reservation Agent. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Dining Reservation Agent 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 07, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21031460<br><b>Job Category</b> Reservations<br><b>Location</b> Sheraton Petaling Jaya Hotel, Jalan Utara C, Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Sheraton Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Sheraton, we go above and beyond in everything we do. We are inspired by our guests and one another &#8211; and are driven to make things better. We love what we do, and we give it all we&#8217;ve got &#8211; on property and off. When guests stay with us, it&#8217;s not just a room with a bed that they&#8217;re buying. It&#8217;s an experience. We&#8217;re looking for someone who is ready to go beyond in everything they do. If you are someone with a genuine drive to improve your life and the lives of those around you, we encourage you to explore careers with Sheraton.<br></div><div> <p> <strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong> </p> <p></p> <p>Process all reservation requests, changes, and cancellations received by phone, fax, or mail. Identify guest reservation needs and determine appropriate room type. Verify availability of room type and rate. Explain guarantee, special rate, and cancellation policies to callers. Accommodate and document special requests. Answer questions about property facilities/services and room accommodations. Follow sales techniques to maximize revenue. Input and access data in reservation system. Indicate special room reservation types (e.g., complimentary rooms, employee discounts, travel agent inspection rates, and wholesale reservations) by inputting the correct code and rate into the reservation system. Follow proper escalation procedures when addressing guest concerns.</p> <p></p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets; protect the privacy and security of guests and coworkers. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong> </strong> </p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Dining Reservation Agent job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21031460?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 