---
title: "Genting Malaysia Berhad Job Vacancies 2021 - Theme Park Show Director" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-19 
excerpt: "Genting Malaysia Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Theme Park Show Director which positioned at Pahang" 
tags: [Pahang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Genting Malaysia Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Theme Park Show Director</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Genting Malaysia Berhad 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Theme Park Show Director</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Show Director for Theme Park is responsible for all Live Entertainment content that happens in and out of the park:</div><ul><li>Develop and supervise content creation for each Show Room, Side Shows, Seasonal Events and Parades.</li><li>Pitch new creative Entertainment offerings and take from idea to reality, in addition to following up on content already in preproduction.</li><li>Work closely with designers (lighting, sound, video, sets, etc.) to execute overall vision of projects.</li><li>Communicate with costuming department to help design and address specific movability needs for each costume character.</li><li>Create all contingency plans for each show/event.</li><li>Research music and creative ideas in the development of new attractions and new character launches.</li><li>Facilitate the transfer of entertainment product from outside production companies to in-house operations.</li><li>Lead choreographers and conduct rehearsals when necessary, and cross train Cast Members for future positions.</li><li>Maintain the quality of shows and parades across the park once in daily operations.</li><li>Works in conjunction with all management to decide creative direction to ensure high guest satisfaction.</li><li>Help create a training program for all Meet-and-Greet Characters to ensure each character is acting within approved guidelines.</li><li>In charge of casting and booking talent for Theme Park, including planning and executing any international audition tours needed to procure the appropriate talent.</li><li>Assure each position is filled in ample amount of time.</li><li>Work closely with HR team making sure hiring and onboarding process is smooth and taken care as per company policies.</li><li>Create list of inventory needs for new build rehearsal studios and green rooms to assure they are consistent with or exceed other theme park operations.</li></ul>Process Quality<ul><li>To comply with company standards at all times in order to drive and improve business excellence.</li><li>To understand, follow and enforce all standard operating procedures in order to exceed the operational requirements and ensure Guests receive the highest standards of quality and service at all times.</li><li>To help achieve department and company objectives, action plans and key performance indicators.</li><li>To enforce and adhere to all Malaysian laws, Health, Safety &amp; Environmental policies, industry and company rules and regulations, reporting and safety concerns or incidents to management in order to minimise risk and maintain a clean, safe and hygienic environment for all Guest, Cast &amp; Crew.</li><li>To manage emergency situations that may arise in order to minimize possible damage, loss or injury to any Guests, Cast &amp; Crew or Company property.</li></ul><div>Guest &amp; Market</div><ul><li>To display a friendly, helpful and cheerful attitude while communicating effectively with our Guests and fellow Cast &amp; Crew in order to support the company vision, core values and brand promise.</li><li>To represent and promote Genting Malaysia in a positive manner at all times in order to maintain a professional brand image to all concerned stakeholders.</li><li>To listen actively to our Guest feedback, request and concerns in order to take action in an ethical, effective and timely manner to exceed their expectations.</li></ul>Financial Results<ul><li>To maintain building, facilities, equipment and supplies in order to minimise damage, reduce waste and control costs.</li><li>To actively seek and implement cost saving programs in order provide positive financial results.</li></ul></div><div>Job Requirements:</div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree in Music/Performing Arts Studies or equivalent.</li><li>At least 8 year(s) of working experience in the related field with&#160;solid knowledge in Live Entertainment and production shows.</li><li>Confidence in speaking, reading and writing English is essential</li><li>Excellent interpersonal skills to be able to interact with all levels of stakeholders</li><li>Information Technology literate with good documentation skills</li><li>Extensive knowledge of AV and special effects</li><li>Outstanding leadership and management skills</li><li>Previous Internationally renown Brand Theme Park experience is preferred.<br>Previous experience in show direction and choreography in Theme Parks, Cruise Ships or similar is preferred</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
				Genting Malaysia is a leading multinational conglomerate that is principally involved in the leisure and hospitality business, covering theme parks, casinos, hotels, seaside resorts and entertainment venues in Malaysia, the UK, and the US. It is one of the largest listed companies in Malaysia.</div>
<div>
				With over 50 years of experience and milestones, Genting Malaysia is currently expanding and transforming Resorts World Genting into the leading tourism and entertainment hub via the Genting Integrated Resort Transformation Plan. Under this plan, flagship projects include Skytropolis Indoor Theme Park, the outdoor theme park - Genting SkyWorlds - and the adjacent shopping complex - SkyAvenue, which houses some of the most prestigious lifestyle brands from around the world.&#160; The plaza also features a state-of-the-art cable car system, which connects SkyAvenue to the mid-hill Genting Highlands Premium Outlets, carrying up to 3,600 passengers per hour per way.</div>
			
			If you are searching for a dynamic career full of exciting growth opportunities; look no further and join us today!</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Pahang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/theme-park-show-director-4511135?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4511135" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 