---
title: "The St. Regis Langkawi Job Vacancies 2021 - Executive Housekeeper" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-09 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Executive Housekeeper position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Executive Housekeeper." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Executive Housekeeper position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Executive Housekeeper. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Executive Housekeeper 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 09, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21032815<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Langkawi, Jalan Pantai Beringin, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Responsible for the daily shift operations of Housekeeping, Recreation/Health Club and, if applicable, Laundry. Directs and works with employees to ensure property guestrooms, public space and employee areas are clean and well maintained. Completes inspections and holds people accountable for corrective action. Position assists in ensuring guest and employee satisfaction while maintaining the operating budget.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the housekeeping or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Housekeeping Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures guest room status is communicated to the Front Desk in a timely and efficient manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Works effectively with the Engineering department on guestroom maintenance needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises the property general cleaning schedule.</p> <p>&#8226; Obtains list of rooms to be cleaned immediately and list of prospective check-outs or discharges to prepare work assignments.</p> <p>&#8226; Inventories stock to ensure adequate supplies.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises daily Housekeeping shift operations and ensures compliance with all housekeeping policies, standards and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the ordering of guestroom supplies, cleaning supplies and uniforms.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports and supervises an effective inspection program for all guestrooms and public space.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates areas that need attention to staff and follows up to ensure understanding.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all employees have proper supplies, equipment and uniforms.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Departmental Costs</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the management of the department&#8217;s controllable expenses to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the impact of department&#8217;s operations on the overall property financial goals and objectives and manages to achieve or exceed budgeted goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Comprehends budgets, operating statements and payroll progress reports as needed to assist in the financial management of department.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Participates as needed in the investigation of employee accidents.</p> <p>&#8226; Supervises staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational needs, and financial objectives are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees understand expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently, disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and support the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and provides feedback to individuals.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses all available on the job training tools to train new room attendants and provide follow-up training as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the employee performance appraisal process, providing feedback as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists as needed in the interviewing and hiring of employee team members with the appropriate skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Supports a departmental orientation program for employees to receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in employee progressive discipline procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Executive Housekeeper job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21032815?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 