---
title: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi Job Vacancies 2021 - Houseman" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-09 
excerpt: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Houseman position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Houseman." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Houseman position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Houseman. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Houseman 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 09, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21019565<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi, PO Box 199, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> The Ritz-Carlton<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><br><div>    At more than 80 award-winning properties worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen create experiences so exceptional that long after a guest stays with us, the experience stays with them. As the premier worldwide provider of luxury experiences, we set the standard for rare and special luxury service the world over. We invite you to explore The Ritz-Carlton.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make</strong></p> <p>When a guest walks into any of our rooms &#8211; imagine that first look around they take. Followed by that sigh of relief because they&#8217;ve arrived to their home away from home, be it for a night or a week, and it&#8217;s perfect. Everything is exactly in its place.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Crisp, pressed linens. Perfectly placed pillows. A sparkling mirror. Every detail adding up to an experience our guests feel great about because they know they&#8217;re in good hands while staying with us. That&#8217;s the impact you make with your efforts, which become even bigger when those experiences add up and create a loyal customer.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll do</strong></p> <ul> <li>Replace guest amenities and supplies in rooms</li> <li>Make beds and fold sheets</li> <li>Remove trash, dirty linens and room service items</li> <li>Greet guests and take care of requests</li> <li>Straighten desk items, furniture and appliances</li> <li>Dust, polish and remove marks from walls and furnishings</li> <li>Vacuum carpets and floor care duties</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Perks you deserve</strong></p> <p>We&#8217;ll support you in and out of the workplace by offering:</p> <ul> <li>Team-spirited coworkers</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> </ul> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <ul> <li>A warm, people-oriented demeanor</li> <li>A team-first attitude</li> <li>A gift for paying attention to the smallest details</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional demeanor, clear communication and appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>You&#8217;re welcome here</strong></p> <p>Our highest priority is making you feel as welcome as our guests. We want you to know you&#8217;re important to us and that you&#8217;ll make an impact in your role, and for that, you&#8217;ll be appreciated and valued.</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Houseman job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21019565?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 