---
title: "Ormond Group Job Vacancies 2021 - Front of House Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-17 
excerpt: "Ormond Group is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Front of House Supervisor which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ormond Group is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Front of House Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Ormond Group 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Front of House Supervisor</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>What Will You Do?</strong><br>You are generally responsible to develop and maintain the highest standard of quality as they relate to presentation, supervision and control of food and beverage service.<br>We don&#8217;t go for long winded job descriptions &#8211; we all roll our sleeves up and get stuck in wherever needed &#8211; but here's an idea of how we see the role;</div><ul><li>To handle cash float and keep bank floats for the outlet / restaurant.</li><li>To develop and maintain an elegantly appointed environment, with superior staff, dedicated to an attentive, distinctive&#160; experience for all dining periods.</li><li>Train, supervise and discipline all outlet team members.</li><li>Maintain a friendly yet unobtrusive manner with all guests.</li><li>Possess a management ability that ensures a successful handling of the outlet</li><li>Control reservations and seating of the outlet with regards to service standards.</li><li>Ensure the correct and consistent service techniques for various meal periods will be demonstrated by all team members.</li><li>Anticipate, in advance, all materials and supplies and assure their availability.</li><li>Control usage of all food and beverage items and appropriate usage of equipment, tools and service equipment.</li><li>Observe daily conditions of all physical facilities and equipment in the outlets; make recommendations for corrections and improvements as needed.</li><li>Prepare manning schedules, which allow for appropriate service while controlling labor costs and overtime.</li><li>&#160;Ensure a safe working environment for all employees within the outlet.</li><li>Understand all food and beverage items offered, including ingredients, methods of preparation and proper service. Also, an expert knowledge of beverages and wines</li><li>Maintain a daily log for communication between outlet staff and upper management.</li><li>Supervise the public areas and restrooms.</li><li>Attend and participate in all required meetings.</li><li>Promote teamwork and foster a harmonious working climate.</li><li>Promote good public relations and handle complaints or concerns of guests.</li><li>Handle all inventories directly involved with the operation of the outlet.</li><li>Utilize the computer system in ringing up, printing and closing checks as well as shift reports.</li><li>Recognize and address potential disruptive or undesirable guests.</li><li>&#160;Process guest walk out.</li><li>&#160;Ability to properly handle and report employee and guest accidents.</li><li>Respond properly in any outlet emergency or safety situation.</li><li>Perform other tasks or projects as assigned by management.</li><li>Ability to continually be aware of departmental needs as they relate to production and staffing.</li><li>Forecast workloads and checks work schedules prepared by subordinate managers for all outlet employees.</li><li>Assist Department Heads in developing job descriptions and reviewing them periodically to ensure their continuing understanding and acceptance.</li><li>Control standards, performance, employees' conduct, dress code, appearance, sanitation, etc., according to established policies.</li><li>Formulate and recommend changes to improve employees' performance and teamwork.</li><li>Ability to work in co-operation with the Chef and Sous-Chefs to ensure top quality and to see that below standard items are never accepted or served.</li><li>Knowledge of cashiering systems</li><li>Keep the waste factor in the outlet at a minimal level.</li></ul><div><strong>Who Must You Be?</strong></div><ul><li>You&#8217;re all about having a positive impact on the people you interact with, leaving them with a memorable experience.</li><li>You have a positive attitude and good communication skills.</li><li>You have knowledge on fine dining table etiquette.</li><li>Wine knowledge is a great advantage.</li><li>You are committed to delivering a high level of customer service.</li><li>You execute &#8211; you get things done.</li><li>You&#8217;re a natural host and service at heart is what you do - you're imaginative when it comes to creating experiences.</li><li>You have an excellent grooming standard.</li><li>You are calm, efficient, and organized with great attention to detail.</li><li>You have the ability to multi-task while maintaining a positive attitude when working with Guest.</li><li>You are able to carry yourself in a professional manner with an emphasis on hospitality and guest service.</li><li>You are able work on your own and as part of a team.</li><li>You have an exceptional communication skill with great command in English (verbal and writing).<br>&#160;</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Ormond Group rethinks hospitality for the contemporary traveler. Our vision is to create experiences that positively influence the way people live, work and have fun together. Our hotels are a collection of individually designed hotels, meaningful spaces that welcome all &#8211; guests, locals and nomads. Our people are at the heart and soul of our brand. An Ormond experience is about service that matters. We make our guests feel at ease and at home. Every experience is thoughtfully designed to leave a lasting impression.<br>
<br>
	Ormond Group owns and operates three distinct brands &#8211; Ormond Hotels, MoMo&#8217;s and Tune. We are backed by serial entrepreneurs and investors who have built (from scratch) successful, disruptive ventures such as AirAsia. Our shareholders and team are in turn committed to building a great business whilst having a lot of fun. Learn more about us at www.ormondhotels.com<br>
	&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/front-of-house-supervisor-4500464?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4500464" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 