---
title: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Duty Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-19 
excerpt: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Duty Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Duty Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Duty Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 19, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21024142<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Kuala Lumpur, 199  Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Serves as the property Manager on Duty and oversees all property operations, ensuring that the highest levels of hospitality and service are provided. Represents property management in resolving any guest or property related situation. Manages the flow of questions and directs guests within the lobby. Serves as Guest Relations Manager and handles the tracking of service issues.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Property Operations and Guest Relations Needs</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Maintains a strong working relationship with all departments to support property operations and goals and to expedite the resolution of any problems that may arise through the general operation of the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates any variations to the established norms to the appropriate department in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Sends copy of MOD report to all departments on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with all policies, standards and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Emphasizes guest satisfaction during all departmental meetings and focuses on continuous improvement.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Profitability Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Understands and complies with loss prevention policies and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews staffing levels to ensure that guest service, operational needs and financial objectives are met.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews financial statements, sales and activity reports, and other performance data to measure productivity and goal achievement and to determine areas needing cost reduction and program improvement.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing the Guest Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Intervenes in any guest/employee situation as needed to insure the integrity of the property is maintained, guest satisfaction is achieved, and employee well being is preserved.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides immediate assistance to guests as requested.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a leader in displaying outstanding hospitality skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Sets a positive example for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds to and handles guest problems and complaints.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees understand customer service expectations and parameters.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with customers on a regular basis throughout the property to obtain feedback on quality of product, service levels and overall satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Participates in the development and implementation of corrective action plans to improve guest satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Records guest issues in the guest response tracking system.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Participates as needed in the investigation of employee and guest accidents.</p> <p>&#8226; Observes service behaviors of employees and providing feedback to individuals.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts regular inspection tours of the entire facility for appearance, safety, staffing, security, and maintenance.</p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes and publicly recognizes the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are cross-trained to support successfully daily operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently, disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPS) and support the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands and, if necessary, implements all emergency plans including accident, death, elevator, thefts, vicious crimes, bombs, fire, etc.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Duty Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21024142?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 