---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Duty Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-28 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Duty Engineer position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Engineer." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Duty Engineer position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Duty Engineer. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Duty Engineer 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Feb 28, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21015177<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Manages all engineering/maintenance operations, including maintaining the building, grounds and physical plant with particular attention towards safety, security and asset protection. Accountable for managing the budget, capital expenditure projects, preventative maintenance and energy conservation. Responsible for maintaining regulatory requirements. Assists in leading the emergency response team for all facility issues.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 3 years experience in the engineering and maintenance or related professional area; technical training in HVAC-R/electrical/plumbing.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Building and Construction, Engineering, Mechanics, or related major; 1 year experience in the engineering and maintenance or related professional area; technical training in HVAC-R/electrical/plumbing.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Engineering Operations and Budgets</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Manages the physical plant including equipment, refrigeration, HVAC, plumbing, water treatment and electrical systems.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures regulatory compliance to facility regulations and safety standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages and controls heat, light and power and recommends current best methods for energy conservation and economical facility operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specifications and requirements for service contracts and administers such contracts to support building needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Distributes preventive maintenance and repair work orders and monitors timeliness and quality of completion.</p> <p>&#8226; Oversees and directs the maintenance of grounds, guestrooms, public space, restaurants, property vehicles and recreational facilities.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops a long term plan for preventative maintenance and asset protection and overseeing execution of plan.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops project plans in accordance with renovation or new construction needs.</p> <p>&#8226; Contacts contractors for bids and supervising construction to ensure timely completion of projects within budgetary guidelines.</p> <p>&#8226; Builds positive relationships with external customers such as city building/zoning department, fire prevention bureau and vendors.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures fire crew has complete understanding of all procedures, equipment and alarms.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs monthly property inspection to ensure buildings and grounds are maintained in excellent condition.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts guest room and common area inspection to ensure guest satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Inspects and evaluates the physical condition of facilities in order to determine the type of work required.</p> <p>&#8226; Recommends or arranges for additional services such as painting, repair work, renovations, and the replacement of furnishings and equipment.</p> <p>&#8226; Selects and orders or purchasing new equipment, supplies, and furnishings.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages parts and equipment inventory.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Property Standards</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures building and equipment licenses and certifications are current.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains property life safety systems (fire fighting equipment, sprinkler systems and alarm systems).</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Displays leadership in guest hospitality, exemplifying excellent customer service and creating a positive atmosphere for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews comment cards, guest satisfaction results and other data to identify areas of improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Shares plans with property leadership and ensuring corrective action is taken to continuously improve guest satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Duty Engineer job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21015177?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 