---
title: "Ormond Group Job Vacancies 2021 - Front of House Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-12 
excerpt: "Ormond Group is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Front of House Supervisor which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ormond Group is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Front of House Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Ormond Group 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Front of House Supervisor</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>What Will You Do?</strong><br>You are generally responsible to develop and maintain the highest standard of quality as they relate to presentation, supervision and control of food and beverage service.<br>We don&#8217;t go for long winded job descriptions &#8211; we all roll our sleeves up and get stuck in wherever needed &#8211; but here's an idea of how we see the role;</div><ul><li>To handle cash float and keep bank floats for the outlet / restaurant.</li><li>To develop and maintain an elegantly appointed environment, with superior staff, dedicated to an attentive, distinctive&#160; experience for all dining periods.</li><li>Train, supervise and discipline all outlet team members.</li><li>Maintain a friendly yet unobtrusive manner with all guests.</li><li>Possess a management ability that ensures a successful handling of the outlet</li><li>Control reservations and seating of the outlet with regards to service standards.</li><li>Ensure the correct and consistent service techniques for various meal periods will be demonstrated by all team members.</li><li>Anticipate, in advance, all materials and supplies and assure their availability.</li><li>Control usage of all food and beverage items and appropriate usage of equipment, tools and service equipment.</li><li>Observe daily conditions of all physical facilities and equipment in the outlets; make recommendations for corrections and improvements as needed.</li><li>Prepare manning schedules, which allow for appropriate service while controlling labor costs and overtime.</li><li>&#160;Ensure a safe working environment for all employees within the outlet.</li><li>Understand all food and beverage items offered, including ingredients, methods of preparation and proper service. Also, an expert knowledge of beverages and wines</li><li>Maintain a daily log for communication between outlet staff and upper management.</li><li>Supervise the public areas and restrooms.</li><li>Attend and participate in all required meetings.</li><li>Promote teamwork and foster a harmonious working climate.</li><li>Promote good public relations and handle complaints or concerns of guests.</li><li>Handle all inventories directly involved with the operation of the outlet.</li><li>Utilize the computer system in ringing up, printing and closing checks as well as shift reports.</li><li>Recognize and address potential disruptive or undesirable guests.</li><li>&#160;Process guest walk out.</li><li>&#160;Ability to properly handle and report employee and guest accidents.</li><li>Respond properly in any outlet emergency or safety situation.</li><li>Perform other tasks or projects as assigned by management.</li><li>Ability to continually be aware of departmental needs as they relate to production and staffing.</li><li>Forecast workloads and checks work schedules prepared by subordinate managers for all outlet employees.</li><li>Assist Department Heads in developing job descriptions and reviewing them periodically to ensure their continuing understanding and acceptance.</li><li>Control standards, performance, employees' conduct, dress code, appearance, sanitation, etc., according to established policies.</li><li>Formulate and recommend changes to improve employees' performance and teamwork.</li><li>Ability to work in co-operation with the Chef and Sous-Chefs to ensure top quality and to see that below standard items are never accepted or served.</li><li>Knowledge of cashiering systems</li><li>Keep the waste factor in the outlet at a minimal level.</li></ul><div><strong>Who Must You Be?</strong></div><ul><li>You&#8217;re all about having a positive impact on the people you interact with, leaving them with a memorable experience.</li><li>You have a positive attitude and good communication skills.</li><li>You have knowledge on fine dining table etiquette.</li><li>Wine knowledge is a great advantage.</li><li>You are committed to delivering a high level of customer service.</li><li>You execute &#8211; you get things done.</li><li>You&#8217;re a natural host and service at heart is what you do - you're imaginative when it comes to creating experiences.</li><li>You have an excellent grooming standard.</li><li>You are calm, efficient, and organized with great attention to detail.</li><li>You have the ability to multi-task while maintaining a positive attitude when working with Guest.</li><li>You are able to carry yourself in a professional manner with an emphasis on hospitality and guest service.</li><li>You are able work on your own and as part of a team.</li><li>You have an exceptional communication skill with great command in English (verbal and writing).<br>&#160;</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><h4>Additional Information</h4></div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Career Level</span></div><div><span>Junior Executive</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Qualification</span></div><div><span>Higher Secondary/STPM/'A' Level/Pre-U, Professional Certificate, Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Years of Experience</span></div><div><span>3 years</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Job Type</span></div><div><span>Full-Time</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Job Specializations</span></div><div><span>Hotel/Restaurant, Hotel/Tourism</span></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><h4>Additional Information</h4></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/front-of-house-supervisor-4500464?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4500464" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 