---
title: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Human Resources Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-07 
excerpt: "The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Human Resources Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Human Resources Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Human Resources Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Human Resources Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Human Resources Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 07, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21023082<br><b>Job Category</b> Human Resources<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Kuala Lumpur, 199  Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assists in carrying out the daily activities of the Human Resource Office including recruitment, total compensation, and training and development. Additionally, he/she assists in delivering HR services that meet or exceed the needs of employees and enable business success; as well as ensuring compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and operating procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 2 years experience in the human resources, management operations, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Human Resources, Business Administration, or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Managing Recruitment and Hiring Process</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the interviewing and hiring of Human Resource employee team members with the appropriate skills, as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in establishing and maintains contact with external recruitment sources.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends job fairs and ensures documentation of outreach efforts in accordance with Human Resource Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Networks with local organizations (e.g., Hotel Association and peers) to source candidates for current or future openings.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in monitoring candidate identification and selection process.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs quality control on candidate identification/selection.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Administering and Educating Employee Benefits</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Works with the unemployment services provider to respond to unemployment claims; reviews provider reports for accuracy and corrects errors.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with unemployment claim activity reports.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends unemployment hearings and ensures property is properly represented, as needed.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Managing Employee Development</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists with departmental orientation program for employees to receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are cross-trained to support successful daily operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with coordination and facilitation of new hire orientation program to generate a positive first impression for employees and emphasize the importance of guest service in company culture.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures attendance by all new hires and participation of the leadership team in training programs</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with ensuring departmental orientation processes are in place and employees receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Maintaining Employee Relations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists in maintaining effective employee communication channels in the property (e.g., develops daily communications and assists with regularly scheduled property-wide meetings).</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews progressive discipline documentation for accuracy and consistency, and checks for supportive documentation and is accountable for determining appropriate action.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes an &#8220;open door&#8221; policy to acknowledge employee problems or concerns in a timely manner</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employee issues are referred to the Department Manager for resolution or escalated to the Director of Human Resources/Multi-Property Director of Human Resources.</p> <p>&#8226; Partners with Loss Prevention to conduct employee accident investigations, as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates performance expectations in accordance with job descriptions for each position.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Assisting in Managing Legal and Compliance Practices</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists with ensuring employee files contain required employment paperwork, proper performance management and compensation documentation, are properly maintained and secured for the required length of time.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with ensuring compliance with procedure for accessing, reviewing, and auditing employee files and ensure compliance with the Privacy Act.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with ensuring medical records are maintained in a separate, secure and confidential medical file.</p> <p>&#8226; Facilitates random, reasonable belief and post accident drug testing process (in properties where applicable).</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates property rules and regulations via the employee handbook.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with ensuring all safety and security policies (e.g., property removal, lost and found items, blood borne pathogens, accident reporting, and hygiene) are communicated to employees on a regular basis through orientation, property meetings, bulletin boards, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with periodic claims reviews with Regional Claims office to ensure claims are closed in a timely manner and reserve levels are appropriate for open claims.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists with managing Workers Compensation claims to ensure appropriate employee care and manage costs.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Human Resources Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21023082?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 