---
title: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Stewarding Leader" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-21 
excerpt: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Stewarding Leader position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Stewarding Leader." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Stewarding Leader position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Stewarding Leader. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Stewarding Leader 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 21, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21037796<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel, No. 2, Jalan Permas 11, Bandar Baru Permas Jaya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Renaissance Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask "why" when given an explanation.&#160; Today, you bring your personal style to every experience.&#160; You live life to discover.&#160; You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn&#8217;t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you&#8217;re in the right place.&#160; You&#8217;ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours.&#160; That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re not just looking for anyone.&#160; We&#8217;re looking for someone like you.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Direct and assist Stewards in order to make clean up more efficient. Ensure water temperature, and chemical levels are appropriate for cleaning and documented. Assist with Banquet plate-ups. Assist cooks and kitchen staff with various tasks as needed. Provide cooks with needed items. Support banquet and buffet by transporting and ensuring adequate stock. Return cleaned items to proper locations. Operate and maintain cleaning equipment and tools, including the dish washing machine, hand wash stations pot-scrubbing station, and trash compactor.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Stewarding Leader job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21037796?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 