---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Rooms Division Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-09 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Rooms Division Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Rooms Division Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Rooms Division Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Rooms Division Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Rooms Division Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 09, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21012647<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, a 311 room hotel, located close to Desaru's attractions, including SKS City Mall, the first shopping mall in Desaru as well as Desaru City Commercial Hub within walking distance; and Desaru Coast, an amalgamation of an adventure waterpark and 45-hole championship golf course just ten minutes away. Reflecting the brand's promise to cater to today 's everyday travelers' needs.</p> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, when opened, is expected to allow guests to kick back and relax with its approachable design and timeless style, coupled with genuine service and modern essentials. The hotel is expected to feature the The Mesh Restaurant &amp; its signature Best Brew&#8482; program, which promises to offer guests craft beers with authentic flavors and distinctive culture. It also comprises of 1650sqm of function space, 1000sqm Grand Ballroom and a 650 sqm Junior Ballroom.</p> <p>It is also well connected to major roads and highways, located approximately 30 minutes from Senai International Airport and easily accessible from Tanjung Belungkor Ferry Terminal, a ferry hub with a Singapore-Malaysia connection via the Changi Ferry Terminal.</p> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>Assists in managing the execution of all operations in the rooms area departments (e.g.,Front Office, Engineering/Maintenance, Housekeeping) and managing staff. Strives to continually improve guest and employee satisfaction and maximize the financial performance of the department. Monitors compliance with standards and procedures. Leads specific team while assisting with meeting or exceeding property goals.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 2 years experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Room Operations Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that goals are being translated to the team as they relate to guest tracking and productivity.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates and nurtures a property environment that emphasizes motivation, empowerment, teamwork, continuous improvement and a passion for providing service.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands employee and guest satisfaction results and developing game plans to attack need areas and expand on the strengths.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that the team has the capabilities to meet expectations.</p> <p>&#8226; Leads by example demonstrating self-confidence, energy and enthusiasm.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists employees in understanding guests&#8217; ever-changing needs and expectations, and exceeding them.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Property Rooms Operations Function(s) </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists in managing the execution of all operations in the rooms area departments (e.g., Front Office, Engineering/Maintenance, Housekeeping).</p> <p>&#8226; Follows property specific second effort and recovery plan.</p> <p>&#8226; Publishes all guest satisfaction results in a timely fashion including all guest satisfaction forms, comment cards and guest letters.</p> <p>&#8226; Takes proactive approaches when dealing with employee concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Extends professionalism and courtesy to employees at all times.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates/updates all goals and results with employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Meets semiannually with staff on a one-to-one basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists/teaches the team scheduling against guest and hours/occupied room goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs hourly job functions as needed.</p> <p>&#8226; Performs other duties, as assigned, to meet business needs.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Monitoring Activities that Affect the Guest Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Understands the brand's service culture.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent customer service by being readily available/approachable for all guests.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to continually improve guest and employee satisfaction.</p> <p>&#8226; Takes proactive approaches when dealing with guest concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Extends professionalism and courtesy to guests at all times.</p> <p>&#8226; Responds timely to customer service department request.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that all team members meet or exceed all hospitality requirements.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Profitability</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Assists in performing required annual Quality audit with General Manager (GM) &amp; Regional Director (RD).</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that a viable key control program is in place.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews financial statements, sales and activity reports, and other performance data to measure productivity and goal achievement and to determine areas needing cost reduction and program improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to maximize the financial performance of the department.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Interviews and assists in making hiring decisions.</p> <p>&#8226; Receives hiring recommendations from team supervisors.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies that orientations for new team members are thorough and completed in a timely fashion.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback, utilizes an &#8220;open door&#8221; policy, and reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies property policies are administered fairly and consistently, disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and support the Peer Review Process, where applicable.</p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes and publicly recognizes the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Rooms Division Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21012647?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 