---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Financial Controller" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-04 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Financial Controller position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Financial Controller." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Financial Controller position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Financial Controller. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Financial Controller 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 04, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21017876<br><b>Job Category</b> Finance &amp; Accounting<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3 Desaru Coast Bandar Penawar, Desaru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Supports the day-to-day execution of general ledger impacted processes, including support to clients as they work with and understand these processes. Performs accounting functions specifically in the areas of account balancing, ledger reconciliation, reporting and discrepancy resolution.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Finance and Accounting or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p><strong>OR</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Finance and Accounting or related major; 2 years experience in finance and accounting or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Work, Projects, and Policies </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates and implements accounting work and projects as assigned.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates, implements and follows up on Accounting SOP audits for all areas of the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Complies with Federal and State laws applying to fraud and collection procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Generates and provides accurate and timely results in the form of reports, presentations, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Compiles, codes, categorizes, calculates, tabulates, audits, or verifies information or data.</p> <p>&#8226; Balances credit card ledgers.</p> <p>&#8226; Verifies contracts for groups and performs credit reference checks for direct billed groups if necessary.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Finance and Accounting Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Achieves and exceeds goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Submits reports in a timely manner, ensuring delivery deadlines.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures profits and losses are documented accurately.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors all taxes that apply, ensuring that taxes are current, collected and/or accrued.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains a strong accounting and operational control environment to safeguard assets.</p> <p>&#8226; Completes period end function each period.</p> <p>&#8226; Provide direction and assistance to other organizational units regarding accounting and budgeting policies and procedures, and efficient control and utilization of financial resources.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Demonstrating and Applying Accounting Knowledge </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge of job-relevant issues, products, systems, and processes.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge of return check procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge of the Gross Revenue Report.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge and proficiency with write off procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge and proficiency with consolidated deposit procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Keeps up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to your job.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, develop financial spreadsheets, set up functions, enter data, or process information.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Accounting Teams </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Motivates and provides a work environment where employees are productive.</p> <p>&#8226; Imposes deadlines and delegates tasks.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides an "open door policy" and is highly visible in areas of responsibility.</p> <p>&#8226; Understands how to manage in a culturally diverse work environment.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages the quality process in areas of customer service and employee satisfaction.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supports the development, mentoring and training of employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides constructive coaching and counseling to employees.</p> <p>&#8226; Trains people on account receivable posting techniques.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates personal integrity.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses effective listening skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates self confidence, energy and enthusiasm.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages group or interpersonal conflict effectively.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages time well and possesses strong organizational skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Presents ideas, expectations and information in a concise well organized way.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses problem solving methodology for decision making and follow up.</p> <p>&#8226; Makes collections calls if necessary.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Financial Controller job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21017876?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 