---
title: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Delighted To Serve Agent" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-04 
excerpt: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Delighted To Serve Agent position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Delighted To Serve Agent." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Delighted To Serve Agent position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Delighted To Serve Agent. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Delighted To Serve Agent 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jun 02, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21055013<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel, No. 2, Jalan Permas 11, Bandar Baru Permas Jaya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Renaissance Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask "why" when given an explanation.&#160; Today, you bring your personal style to every experience.&#160; You live life to discover.&#160; You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn&#8217;t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you&#8217;re in the right place.&#160; You&#8217;ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours.&#160; That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re not just looking for anyone.&#160; We&#8217;re looking for someone like you.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Answer, record, and process all guest requests, questions, or concerns via telephone, email, chat, and mobile communication devices. Operate telephone switchboard, process guest requests for wake-up calls, and connecting and directing calls to the appropriate extension. Receive, record, and relay messages accurately. Log all guest requests or issues into computer, contact appropriate individual or department (e.g., Bellperson, Housekeeping), and follow up with guest to ensure their request has been resolved to their satisfaction. Provide information to guests about room features, property amenities, and local areas of interest. May process room service orders, answer questions on menu selection and record transactions in point-of-sale system. Assist guests with accessing internet and guestroom entertainment.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, and support team to reach common goals. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats; stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Delighted To Serve Agent job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21055013?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 