---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Style Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-15 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Style Attendant position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Style Attendant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Style Attendant position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Style Attendant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Style Attendant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 15, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21035228<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make</strong></p> <p>When a guest walks into any of our rooms &#8211; imagine that first look around they take. Followed by that sigh of relief because they&#8217;ve arrived to their home away from home, be it for a night or a week, and it&#8217;s perfect. Everything is exactly in its place.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Crisp, pressed linens. Perfectly placed pillows. A sparkling mirror. Every detail adding up to an experience our guests feel great about because they know they&#8217;re in good hands while staying with us. That&#8217;s the impact you make with your efforts, which become even bigger when those experiences add up and create a loyal customer.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll do</strong></p> <ul> <li>Replace guest amenities and supplies in rooms</li> <li>Make beds and fold sheets</li> <li>Remove trash, dirty linens and room service items</li> <li>Greet guests and take care of requests</li> <li>Straighten desk items, furniture and appliances</li> <li>Dust, polish and remove marks from walls and furnishings</li> <li>Vacuum carpets and floor care duties</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Perks you deserve</strong></p> <p>We&#8217;ll support you in and out of the workplace by offering:</p> <ul> <li>Team-spirited coworkers</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> </ul> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <ul> <li>A warm, people-oriented demeanor</li> <li>A team-first attitude</li> <li>A gift for paying attention to the smallest details</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional demeanor, clear communication and appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>You&#8217;re welcome here</strong></p> <p>Our highest priority is making you feel as welcome as our guests. We want you to know you&#8217;re important to us and that you&#8217;ll make an impact in your role, and for that, you&#8217;ll be appreciated and valued.</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Style Attendant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21035228?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 