---
title: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi Job Vacancies 2021 - Night Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-19 
excerpt: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Night Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Night Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Night Manager position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Night Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Night Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 19, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21024182<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi, PO Box 199, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> The Ritz-Carlton<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    At more than 80 award-winning properties worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen create experiences so exceptional that long after a guest stays with us, the experience stays with them. As the premier worldwide provider of luxury experiences, we set the standard for rare and special luxury service the world over. We invite you to explore The Ritz-Carlton.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Serves as the property Manager on Duty and directs all property operations during the overnight shift. Ensures that the highest levels of hospitality and service are provided during the overnight shift. Represents property management in resolving any guest or property related situation. Personally assisting in resolving any issues and completing tasks.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 5 years experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Hotel and Restaurant Management, Hospitality, Business Administration, or related major; 3 years experience in the guest services, front desk, housekeeping, or related professional area.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Monitoring Property Operations</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Monitors and ensures compliance with all Guidelines to Operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures supervisors maintain adequate levels of department supplies.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all employees are in proper uniform and are properly groomed (grooming standards in employee handbook).</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures employees are working in a safe environment.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages all period-end inventories.</p> <p>&#8226; Directs, monitors, and assists all overnight staff.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures guest tracking scores and employee opinion survey goals are achieved.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Supporting Profitability and Revenue Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Reviews financial statements, sales and activity reports, and other performance data to measure productivity and goal achievement and to determine areas needing cost reduction and program improvement.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the response and resolution of all guest issues received directly from guests or from Guest Relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists accounts receivable clerk in all aspects of job and in keeping all invoices due below 60 days.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors that the supervisor is researching/processing all chargebacks and rebates on a timely basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Administers plans and actions to keep chargebacks and rebates to a minimum.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all employees are adhering to proper cash handling procedures and monitors overage/shortages.</p> <p>&#8226; Manages employee hours.</p> <p>&#8226; Works with the leadership team of the property to identify and implement action plans to prevent the reoccurrence of guest issues.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Promotes participation in property safety-related programs.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors employee attendance and records absences/tardiness.</p> <p>&#8226; Promotes teamwork and employee morale.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all employees are trained on specific aspects of their job and are aware of all resources to assist them in problem solving.</p> <p>&#8226; Keeps employees informed regarding new operational procedures, standards, or programs.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures all employees have complete knowledge of emergency procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures constant communication takes place between employees, supervisors and management.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides orientation for new employees and ensuring all information is entered into computer.</p> <p>&#8226; Helps direct supervisors to achieve their own development goals.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages employee relations through gifts, parties, outings.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates incentives that will promote better service and profit for the property.</p> <p>&#8226; Assists operations manager in processing employee payroll weekly.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback, utilizes an &#8220;open door policy&#8221; and reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently, disciplinary procedures and documentation are completed according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and supports the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts annual performance appraisal with direct reports according to Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Night Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21024182?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 