---
title: "Ormond Group Job Vacancies 2021 - Guest Services Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-27 
excerpt: "Ormond Group is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Guest Services Executive which positioned at Johor Bahru, George Town, Kota Kinabalu, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor Bahru, George Town, Kota Kinabalu, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ormond Group is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Guest Services Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Ormond Group 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Guest Services Executive</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>What Will You Do?</strong></div><div>You&#8217;ll be responsible for providing a naturally friendly, helpful, and responsive, level of service to all our guests from arrival to departure. We&#8217;re not really a strict job descriptions kind of place &#8211; we all roll our sleeves up and get stuck in wherever needed &#8211; but here's an idea of how we see the role;</div><ul><li>Achieve positive outcomes from Guest queries in a timely and efficient manner.</li><li>Ensure an efficient reception experience for Guests, including check in/out, and complete audit procedures, as required.</li><li>Ensure that the Duty Manager/Executive Assistant Manager/Hotel Manager is kept fully aware of any relevant feedback from guests and, or, other departments.</li><li>Demonstrate a high level of customer service at all times.</li><li>Attend appropriate training courses, when required, and assist with the Night Team's training and development efforts.</li><li>Demonstrate a knowledge of hotel room categories, room rates, packages, promotions and other general product knowledge necessary to perform daily duties.</li><li>Maximize room occupancy and use up-selling techniques to promote hotel services and facilities.</li><li>Use the correct procedures regarding the acceptance of foreign currencies, credit cards and cash in accordance with the hotel credit policy.</li><li>Comply with hotel security, fire regulations and all health and safety legislation.</li><li>Act in accordance with policies and procedures when working with front of house equipment and property management systems.</li><li>Follow company brand standards.</li><li>Assist other departments, as necessary.</li></ul></div><div><strong>Who Must You Be?</strong></div><div>The ideal incumbent doesn&#8217;t need to come from the hospitality or service industry, it&#8217;s not about a skill set but it&#8217;s all about the kind of person you are. You are someone that is in the know, a tastemaker, someone knows where to go and what to do on every day and night of the week. You must be curious about what&#8217;s going on around you and must have a genuine love for interacting and inspiring people. And yes, you must be active on social media.<ul><li>You have previous experience in a customer-focused industry.</li><li>You have a positive attitude and good communication skills.</li><li>You are committed to delivering a high level of customer service.</li><li>You execute &#8211; you get things done.</li><li>You&#8217;re a natural host and can make guests and team members feel at home in our hotel.</li><li>Service at heart is what you do - you're imaginative when it comes to creating experiences.</li><li>Keen to take ownership of and pride in your work, a roll-up-your-sleeves attitude to seeing work through and delivering results</li><li>You have an excellent grooming standard.</li><li>You are calm, efficient, and organized with great attention to detail.</li><li>You have the ability to multi-task while maintaining a positive attitude when working with Guest.</li><li>You are able to carry yourself in a professional manner with an emphasis on hospitality and guest service.</li><li>You are able work on your own and as part of a team.</li><li>You are a social media savvy.</li><li>You have exceptional communication skills with great command of English (verbal and writing).</li></ul>It would be advantageous in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions:<ul><li>Front Office/Concierge experience in the hotel, leisure, and/or entertainment sectors.</li><li>Had speech, drama or performance training.</li><li>Have worked as stewardesses, promoters, hostesses.</li><li>Have done volunteer work.</li><li>Conflict resolution experience.</li></ul></div><div><strong>Who Are We?</strong></div><div>Ormond Group rethinks hospitality for the contemporary traveler. Our vision is to create experiences that positively influence the way people live, work and have fun together. Our hotels are a collection of individually designed hotels, meaningful spaces that welcome all &#8211; guests, locals and nomads. Our people are at the heart and soul of our brand. An Ormond experience is about service that matters. We make our guests feel at ease and at home. Every experience is thoughtfully designed to leave a lasting impression.Ormond Group owns and operates three distinct brands &#8211; Ormond Hotels, MoMo&#8217;s and Tune. We are backed by serial entrepreneurs and investors who have built (from scratch) successful, disruptive ventures such as AirAsia. Our team is committed to building highly profitable businesses and winning awards whilst having a lot of fun. Learn more about us at www.ormondhotels.com</div><div><strong>What's In It For You?</strong></div><div>An opportunity to join a close-knit, dynamic and ambitious group that rewards results through competitive remuneration packages. The team is lean and nimble and applies an all hands-on deck attitude to get things done. There are opportunities for accelerated career growth, training and development for the right candidates. You will also get the chance to interact and work closely with senior management to learn how to build successful businesses!</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Ormond Group rethinks hospitality for the contemporary traveler. Our vision is to create experiences that positively influence the way people live, work and have fun together. Our hotels are a collection of individually designed hotels, meaningful spaces that welcome all &#8211; guests, locals and nomads. Our people are at the heart and soul of our brand. An Ormond experience is about service that matters. We make our guests feel at ease and at home. Every experience is thoughtfully designed to leave a lasting impression.<br>
<br>
	Ormond Group owns and operates three distinct brands &#8211; Ormond Hotels, MoMo&#8217;s and Tune. We are backed by serial entrepreneurs and investors who have built (from scratch) successful, disruptive ventures such as AirAsia. Our shareholders and team are in turn committed to building a great business whilst having a lot of fun. Learn more about us at www.ormondhotels.com<br>
	&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Johor Bahru, George Town, Kota Kinabalu, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/guest-services-executive-4471817?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4471817&sectionRank=1&token=0~fc114d50-6be8-426c-99c2-94ee5377a77e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 