---
title: " Fairfield by Marriott Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Pahang Job Vacancies 2021 - Loss Prevention Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-01 
excerpt: " Fairfield by Marriott Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Pahang job vacancies 2021 for Loss Prevention Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Fairfield by Marriott Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Pahang terkini untuk kekosongan Loss Prevention Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Fairfield by Marriott Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Pahang job vacancies 2021 for Loss Prevention Manager position. Jawatan kosong  Fairfield by Marriott Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Pahang terkini untuk kekosongan Loss Prevention Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Loss Prevention Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 01, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21011182<br><b>Job Category</b> Loss Prevention &amp; Security<br><b>Location</b> Kuala Lumpur Jalan Pahang FFI, One Marriott Drive, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><br><p>Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott allows guests to travel with confidence by giving them just what they need at an exceptional value. As a member of our team you'll deliver outstanding service so travel is easy, comfortable and productive for our guests. Find Your World&#8482; at Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott.</p><br></div><div> <p> <strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong> </p> <p></p> <p>Assists the Director of Security in managing security operations on a daily basis. Areas of responsibilities include the protection and safety of property assets, employees, guests and property, accident and fire prevention and response. Ensures the continuous protection of guests, employees and hotel assets. Maintains logs, certifications and documents required by law and Standard Operating Procedures. </p> <p></p> <p> <strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong> </p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Education and Experience</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; High school diploma or GED; 3 years experience in the security/loss prevention or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; 2-year degree from an accredited university in Criminal Justice or related major; 1 year experience in the security/loss prevention or related professional area.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong> </p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Managing Security Operations</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; Assists in the development and implementation of emergency procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Recommends follow-up action for security breaches.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts investigation of all losses of property assets and refers to proper management for disposition.</p> <p>&#8226; Deploys security staff to effectively monitor and protect property assets.</p> <p>&#8226; Complies with all Corporate Security safety and security management guidelines and procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Completes proper documentation and reports all employee accident and general liability incidents to Claims Reporting Service.</p> <p>&#8226; Conducts periodic patrols of entire property and parking areas.</p> <p>&#8226; Recognizes success across areas of responsibility.</p> <p>&#8226; Handles guest problems and complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies and makes recommendations for minimizing physical hazards and unsafe work practices.</p> <p>&#8226; Implements action plans to monitor and control risk.</p> <p>&#8226; Keeps abreast of local criminal activity as it may impact property.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains required reports and documentation regarding patrols of property and parking areas.</p> <p>&#8226; Inspects all security equipment and ensures it is fully functioning.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides means for obtaining necessary medical attention on a timely basis. </p> <p>&#8226; Conducts hourly employee performance appraisals according to Standard Operating Procedures.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the educational needs of others, developing formal educational or training programs or classes, and teaching or instructing others.</p> <p>&#8226; Completes disciplinary procedures and documentation according to Standard and Local Operating Procedures (SOPs and LSOPs) and supports the Peer Review Process.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains first aid and CPR certifications required for Security officers.</p> <p>&#8226; Implements local authority requirement for security and safety.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Leading Security Teams</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; Attends pre- and post-convention and weekly forecast meetings to understand group needs and gather critical information to communicate to security officers.</p> <p>&#8226; Celebrates successes by publicly recognizing the contributions of team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates the importance of safety procedures, detailing procedure codes, ensuring employee understanding of safety codes, monitoring processes and procedures related to safety.</p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Solicits employee feedback, utilizes an "open door" policy and reviews employee satisfaction results to identify and address employee problems or concerns.</p> <p>&#8226; Encourages and builds mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides personal assistance, medical attention, emotional support, or other personal care to others such as coworkers, customers, or patients.</p> <p>&#8226; Serves as a role model to demonstrate appropriate behaviors.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Providing and Ensuring Exceptional Customer Service</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; Displays leadership in guest hospitality, exemplifies excellent customer service and creates a positive atmosphere for guest relations.</p> <p>&#8226; Empowers employees to provide excellent customer service.</p> <p>&#8226; Meets quality standards and customer expectations on a daily basis.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides services that are above and beyond for customer satisfaction and retention.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Conducting Human Resources Activities</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; Assists in minimizing cost of accident claims through aggressive claims management.</p> <p>&#8226; Brings issues to the attention of Human Resources as necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Strives to improve service performance.</p> <p>&#8226; Administers property policies fairly and consistently.</p> <p></p> <p> <strong>Additional Responsibilities</strong> </p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops and maintains a working relationship with local law enforcement authorities.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides guidance in setting health and safety policies and standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Coordinates with Event Sales for VIP escort and media control for large events.</p> <p></p> </div> <div>  &#160; </div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Loss Prevention Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21011182?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 