---
title: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Job Vacancies 2021 - Sous Chef" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-08 
excerpt: " Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Sous Chef position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Sous Chef." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

 Four Points by Sheraton Desaru job vacancies 2021 for Sous Chef position. Jawatan kosong  Four Points by Sheraton Desaru terkini untuk kekosongan Sous Chef. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Sous Chef 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 08, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21030606<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> Four Points by Sheraton Desaru, Jalan Kempas 2 Taman Desaru Utama Tanjong Surat, Bandar Penawar, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Four Points<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Where timeless classics are woven with modern details. Where business meets pleasure. Where even when you&#8217;re global, you can experience the local. Designed for the independent traveler seeking balance, there&#8217;s Four Points.<br></div><div> <p>Four Points by Sheraton Desaru Johor, Malaysia located on 2 Jalan Kempas, Taman Utama &#8211; the gateway to Desaru Coast and Pengerang. It is well-connected with major roads and highways. The 311-room hotel will serve business and leisure travellers with comfortable accommodation, convenient facilities and strategic location. The hotel is a conversion and is projected to open in Q2, 2021.</p> <p><strong>Connect your passions with a rewarding opportunity</strong></p> <p>Others may call you a foodie, but you know you&#8217;re much more than that. You want to learn all the tricks of the trade and be the master of the kitchen. When you join us, you&#8217;ll find that there are no limits on your creativity or your potential. We inspire you to grow and challenge yourself because when you are pursuing excellence, you&#8217;re helping us to provide exceptional travel experiences.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Rewards for work, benefits for your lifestyle</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;ll be supported in and out of the workplace through:</p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Team-spirited colleagues</li> </ul> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make&#160;</strong></p> <p>You hold yourself to a higher culinary standard and it is your attention to each preparation that keeps guests with us to dine. Working with a dedicated team of experts, you will learn something different every day as you work with new seasonal menus and unique presentations. You hard work pays off when a dish that you&#8217;ve thoughtfully helped to prepare has guests raving and anxious to return.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll be doing</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Prepare fresh ingredients for cooking according to recipes/menu</li> <li>Cook food and prepare top-quality menu items in a timely manner</li> <li>Test foods to ensure proper preparation and temperature</li> <li>Operate kitchen equipment safely and responsibly</li> <li>Ensure the proper sanitation and cleanliness of surfaces and storage containers</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <ul> <li>Great teamwork skills and attention to detail</li> <li>Positive outlook and outgoing personality</li> <li>Previous kitchen experience is a big plus</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Explore our very big world</strong></p> <p>When you bring your natural talents and passion for food, we welcome you into our family. No matter your specialty or culinary background, we offer great rewards and opportunities to improve your skills. You will work closely with a team of inspired professionals who encourage and invite your contributions. &#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Sous Chef job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21030606?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 