---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Bartender" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-04 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Bartender position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Bartender." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Bartender position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Bartender. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Bartender 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 04, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21030443<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p>See where your journey can take you. At Marriott International, we believe in seizing opportunities and making your own adventure. A world of opportunity pulls up to your bar with every guest you meet &#8211; and you never know who might show up next. That big world also extends to our global, diverse family of associates. Like most families, we&#8217;re a group of unique individuals who bring different strengths, styles, personalities and interests to the table. And this makes every single day a new discovery. So, we ask, where will your journey take you?</p> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make&#160;</strong></p> <p>You are a bright mixologist who is always on the lookout for new beverage trends. When you are behind the bar, you create an energy that is both welcoming and exciting. You take pride in offering our guests a diverse and seasonally-inspired beverage menu, a warm conversation, and helpful suggestions. When you shine, our guests will look forward to relaxing with you after a long day.</p> <p><strong>Rewards for work, benefits for your lifestyle</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;ll be supported in and out of the workplace through:</p> <ul> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Team-spirited colleagues</li> </ul> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll do</strong></p> <ul> <li>Welcome guests</li> <li>Attend to tables</li> <li>Open and serve wine/champagne</li> <li>Prepare garnishes</li> <li>Stock ice, glassware and paper supplies</li> <li>Set up and maintain cleanliness of bar area</li> <li>Process all payment methods and complete cashier reports</li> </ul> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <ul> <li>Great storytelling skills</li> <li>Positive outlook and outgoing personality</li> <li>Previous bartending experience is a big plus.</li> </ul> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p><strong>Connect your passions with a rewarding opportunity</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;re a beverage enthusiast. And with us, you'll get to both refine and showcase your craft of creating cocktails. &#160;Join us and grow through opportunities to explore the business, opening yourself to various career options. No matter your path, we&#8217;ll make sure you feel right at home.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em></p> </div><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Bartender job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21030443?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 