---
title: "Front Office Job Vacancies 2021 - Superviso" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-28 
excerpt: "Front Office job vacancies 2021 for Superviso position. Jawatan kosong Front Office terkini untuk kekosongan Superviso." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Front Office job vacancies 2021 for Superviso position. Jawatan kosong Front Office terkini untuk kekosongan Superviso. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Superviso 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 20, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21048886<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Kuala Lumpur, 199 Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all guest check-ins, verifying guest identity, form of payment, assigning room, and activating/issuing room key. Set up accurate accounts for each guest according to their requirements. Enter Marriott Rewards information. Ensure rates match market codes, document exceptions. Secure payment prior to issuing room key, verify/adjust billing. Compile and review daily reports/logs/contingency lists. Complete cashier and closing reports. Supply guests with directions and property information. Accommodate guest requests, contacting appropriate staff if necessary. Follow up to ensure requests have been met. Process all payment types, vouchers, paid-outs, and charges. Balance and drop receipts. Count and secure bank at beginning and end of shift. Obtain manual authorizations and follow all Accounting procedures. Notify Loss Prevention/Security of any guest reports of theft.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in training, evaluating, counseling, motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model and first point of contact of the Guarantee of Fair Treatment/Open Door Policy process. Develop/maintain positive working relationships; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to employee concerns. Follow company policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications; ensure personal appearance is clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge guests; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Ensure adherence to quality standards. Enter and locate information using computers/POS systems. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Superviso job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21048886?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 