---
title: "AFFLEXIA SDN BHD Job Vacancies 2021 - Senior Front Office Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-04 
excerpt: "AFFLEXIA SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Front Office Executive which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>AFFLEXIA SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Front Office Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong AFFLEXIA SDN BHD 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>Senior Front Office Executive</b>. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Description</strong><ul><li>Performs check in, check out, room assignment, room change procedure, new room reservation booking and ensures all data are completely recorded in the Property Management System in accordance with reservations.</li><li>Maintains cashier float and ensures accurate daily report of all money received.</li><li>Provides information about our Serviced Suites&#8217; facilities, services, tourist attractions, transportation, restaurants, entertainment facilities and also our loyalty program to our guests.</li><li>Records any guest comments and takes action on level of empowerment, recording into DM log and alerts management.</li><li>Attends to guest&#8217;s complaint, inquiries and request promptly, efficiently and courteously.</li><li>Ensures excellent service and prompt attention with all guests.</li><li>Ensures a smooth check in and checkout process and maintain accurate group billings and folios.</li><li>To ensure all guest&#8217;s satisfaction are met by providing attentive and high quality service that enhances Afflexia&#8217;s reputation.</li><li>Responsible for the smooth and efficient operation at the Front Office Counter and ensure warm welcomes and farewells are given to all guests.</li><li>Ensures security incidents and accidents are lodged, investigated and rectified to prevent future catastrophes.</li><li>To comply with all Serviced Suites policies, SOPs, rules and regulation.</li><li>Maintains appropriate standards of conduct, dress, hygiene, uniforms, appearance and posture of departmental employees.</li><li>To make sure that the Property Management System (PMS) and other documentations are accurately recorded and managed.</li><li>To perform any other duties as requested by the superiors.</li></ul><br><strong>Requirements :-</strong><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in Hospitality/Tourism/Hotel Management or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;English, Mandarin, Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>At least 1&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Customer service, Microsoft Office, Knowledge of Property Management System.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Hotel Management/Tourism Services or equivalent.</li><li>Candidate must possess good interpersonal and communication skills</li><li>Team spirit, high productivity and able to work under pressure.</li><li>Energetic, Result-Oriented and prepared to face challenges.</li><li>Positive work attitude, Strong discipline, responsible.</li><li>Willing to work on shifts, weekends and Public Holidays.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Company Overview</p><p>Afflexia Sdn Bhd is strategically situated in the Kuala Lumpur City Centre along with Embassy Row of Jalan Ampang and surrounded by international communities and private schools. The Petronas Twin Towers are minutes away from the peace of this abode, while shopping malls and hospitals are within a 5km radius.</p><p>The Serviced Suites offering Organic-Shaped Pool, Lazy River Spa, Super Gym with Unique Gymnasium Concept, Swedish Garden, Floating Fantasy Garden &amp; Cloud Podium housing a unique bar concept and leisure area. Excellent facilities and convenience location helping you make your place your own. In addition, Afflexia&#8217;s also offering services such as, Airport transfer, Tours, Spa/ Massage and Car Rental for guest convenience.</p><p>We are looking for young, enthusiastic and diverse hospitality candidates to join our pre-opening team. If you are motivated, passionate about service and have a desire to learn, we want you to grow and develop with us!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-front-office-executive-4513563?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4513563" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 