---
title: "Idaman Prestij Sdn Bhd Job Vacancies 2021 - Sales Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-15 
excerpt: "Idaman Prestij Sdn Bhd job vacancies 2021 for Sales Engineer position which based in Petaling Jaya. Jawatan kosong Idaman Prestij Sdn Bhd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Sales Engineer penempatan di Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Idaman Prestij Sdn Bhd job vacancies 2021 for Sales Engineer position which based in Petaling Jaya. Jawatan kosong Idaman Prestij Sdn Bhd 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan Sales Engineer penempatan di Petaling Jaya. 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Sales Engineer 
<div><p><b>Job Description</b></p><ul><li>To source new customers and business opportunities in building technology and construction business industry.</li><li>Responsible for marketing and sales on the project specification in visual, audio, video conference system, digital signage system and all extra low voltage system (ELV) e.g. CCTV, card access, Camcorder, PA system, SMATV and etc.</li><li>To build good business relationship with customers and distributors in engineering, building automation, broadcast, lighting industry &amp; etc.</li><li>To explore to other sectors of business such as manufacturing, hotels, government departments, academic institution and colleges.</li><li>To prepare business presentation or product introduction to the potential clients.</li><li>To improve company position in the key market segments.</li><li>To provide continuous support, pre &amp; pro sales support to existing and new customers.</li><li>To liaise and coordinate with customers, consultants, sub-contractors on the requirement, as well as contractual and technical matter.</li><li>To generate related status report and/or project documentation as required by the customers and superior.</li><li>To perform any others related duties as and when assigned by the superior.</li><li>Scope of work shall be revised depending on the management needs or request from time to time.</li></ul><p><b>Job Specifications: </b></p><ul><li>Bachelor's Degree or Diploma in Engineering (Computer/Telecommunication), Engineering (Electrical/Electronic), Engineering (Mechatronic/Electromechanical) or equivalent.</li><li>Possess own transport and willing to travel.</li><li>Must be aggressive, a self-motivator, result orientated and a team player.</li><li>Excellent communication skills and able interact with all level of people.</li><li>Preferably with minimum 1-2 years of related working experience.</li><li>Fresh graduate with the right working attitude will be considered.</li><li>Must be willing to work in Petaling Jaya.</li></ul><p><b>Benefits</b></p><p>- Basic salary RM2500 - RM4000 per month (subject to experience)<br>- Sales commission<br>- Allowances (toll, petrol, outstation)<br>- Yearly increment<br>- Performance bonus<br>- EPF, SOCSO, EIS</p><p><b>Who we are? </b><br>Idaman Prestij Sdn Bhd is registered with Ministry of Finance (MOF). Established in the year 2018, we are a system integrator and provider in a wide range of products in Professional Broadcast and Audio Visual equipment ,ICT and Multimedia.<br>Our company has a good track record and our customer base ranges from Government Departments, Distributors, Radio &amp; TV Stations, Sports &amp; News Stations, Movie Production Studios, Universities, Film Production and Private Companies.</p><p><b>What we do?</b><br>We provide a full range of Broadcast System Integration for Audio Visual Solution, Camera &amp; Accessories, Audio &amp; Video Conferencing, Intercom System, Newsroom System, System Design and Integration, Project Management, Editing System, Quantum Data Storage and Service Level Agreement (SLA) to our customers to get full complete solutions.</p><p>Job Types: Full-time, Commission</p><p>Salary: RM2,500.00 - RM4,000.00 per month</p><p>Benefits:</p><ul><li>Cell phone reimbursement</li><li>Professional development</li></ul><p>Schedule:</p><ul><li>Monday to Friday</li></ul><p>Supplemental Pay:</p><ul><li>Commission pay</li><li>Performance bonus</li><li>Yearly bonus</li></ul><p>Experience:</p><ul><li>Sales Engineer: 2 years (Preferred)</li></ul><p>Education:</p><ul><li>Diploma/Advanced Diploma (Preferred)</li></ul><p>Location:</p><ul><li>Petaling Jaya (Required)</li></ul><p>Language:</p><ul><li>English (Preferred)</li></ul><p>COVID-19 Precaution(s):</p><ul><li>Remote interview process</li><li>Temperature screenings</li><li>Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place</li></ul></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Sales Engineer job online through Indeed Malaysia 
<a href="https://malaysia.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e99030167df13b2d" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 