---
title: "Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Reservations Agent" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-07 
excerpt: "Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Reservations Agent position. Jawatan kosong Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Reservations Agent." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Reservations Agent position. Jawatan kosong Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Reservations Agent. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Reservations Agent 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 07, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21031509<br><b>Job Category</b> Reservations<br><b>Location</b> Kota Kinabalu Marriott Hotel, Lot G-23A, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all reservation requests, changes, and cancellations received by phone, fax, or mail. Identify guest reservation needs and determine appropriate room type. Verify availability of room type and rate. Explain guarantee, special rate, and cancellation policies to callers. Accommodate and document special requests. Answer questions about property facilities/services and room accommodations. Follow sales techniques to maximize revenue. Input and access data in reservation system. Indicate special room reservation types (e.g., complimentary rooms, employee discounts, travel agent inspection rates, and wholesale reservations) by inputting the correct code and rate into the reservation system. Follow proper escalation procedures when addressing guest concerns.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets; protect the privacy and security of guests and coworkers. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Reservations Agent job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21031509?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 