---
title: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Butler" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-23 
excerpt: "The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Butler position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Butler." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Butler position. Jawatan kosong The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Butler. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Butler 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 19, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21024169<br><b>Job Category</b> Rooms &amp; Guest Services Operations<br><b>Location</b> The St. Regis Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Stesen Sentral &amp; Jalan Travers, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> St. Regis Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>The St. Regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than 110 years ago, with the opening of the St. Regis New York. From the moment John Jacob Astor IV opened the doors of his Beaux-Arts masterpiece on New York&#8217;s Fifth Avenue, St. Regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. Today, with more than 40 of the best addresses around the world, St. Regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. We invite you to explore careers at St. Regis.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>As the original house of luxury, St. Regis continues to redefine modern luxury through service. At the core is the Butler program, an icon to our heritage and the heart and soul of new luxury. It is high-touch, personalized, creative and original. It is brought to life by all talent but serving as the primary face to the program is our Butler team, who are the ultimate luxury ambassadors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>The Butler provides bespoke experiences and services to fulfill all guest needs during pre-arrival, check-in, throughout the stay and upon departure, in partnership with other departments in the hotel operation. This includes coordinating efforts of Butler Valets, and verifying that other departments supporting butler services are equipped to meet guest needs. The Butler is key to building rapport with guests, proactively anticipate guest needs and acting upon them where possible.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>While the St. Regis brand is steeped in history with roots that can be traced back to the early 1900s, every team member is part of a trailblazing future to redefine modern luxury through service. The Butler&#8217;s success is rooted in a deep passion for service, uncompromising standards, the ability to anticipate needs and impeccable interpersonal skills.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>You will also be expected to create a safe work place, follow company policies and procedures, uphold quality standards, and ensure your uniform, personal appearance, and communications are professional. Butler team members will be on their feet and moving around (stand, sit, or walk for an extended time) and taking a hands-on approach to work (move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance). Doing all these things well (and other reasonable job duties as requested) is critical for Butler team members &#8211; to get it right for our guests and our business each and every time.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Butler job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21024169?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 