---
title: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel Job Vacancies 2021 - Housekeeping Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-14 
excerpt: "Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Housekeeping Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Housekeeping Supervisor." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel job vacancies 2021 for Housekeeping Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel terkini untuk kekosongan Housekeeping Supervisor. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Housekeeping Supervisor 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 14, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21034641<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> Renaissance Johor Bahru Hotel, No. 2  Jalan Permas Bandar Baru Permas jaya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Renaissance Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    You were always one of those curious kids who opened every cabinet, peeked behind every door, and never ceased to ask "why" when given an explanation.&#160; Today, you bring your personal style to every experience.&#160; You live life to discover.&#160; You are passionate about your neighborhood, always looking to explore the places one wouldn&#8217;t find in a travel guide. If this sounds like you, you&#8217;re in the right place.&#160; You&#8217;ve got authentic style, natural curiosity and a warm way with people. Renaissance is not just a place to spend the night, it's a place to discover, a place in the world with style like yours.&#160; That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re not just looking for anyone.&#160; We&#8217;re looking for someone like you.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Enter status of rooms cleaned. Complete checklists to report cleanliness and condition of each assigned area. Complete required Housekeeping paperwork. Identify room assignments and type of cleaning required for each room. Inspect guest rooms after being cleaned by Housekeeper. Respond promptly to requests from guests and other departments. Enter guest rooms following procedures for gaining access and ensuring vacancy before entering.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications; properly store flammable materials. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Move, lift, carry, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 55 pounds without assistance and in excess of 55 pounds with assistance. Ability to push and pull a loaded housekeeping cart and other work-related machinery over sloping and uneven surfaces. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Stand, sit, kneel, or walk for an extended period across an entire work shift. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Visually verify and interpret written documents. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Housekeeping Supervisor job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21034641?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 