---
title: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral Job Vacancies 2021 - Credit Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-30 
excerpt: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Credit Manager position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Credit Manager." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Credit Manager position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Credit Manager. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Credit Manager 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 30, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21041755<br><b>Job Category</b> Finance &amp; Accounting<br><b>Location</b> Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral, No. 5 Jalan Stesen Sentral, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Aloft Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Aloft Hotels we&#8217;re wired for next generation travelers who love open spaces, open thinking, and open expression. Aloft provides a space where style is necessary, social scenes are vibrant, and where the only direction is forward. Our guests are tech savvy and confidently social, with an eclectic style they&#8217;re not afraid to show. We understand what our guests need, so we provide an affordable option for the tech-savvy design guru. We&#8217;re looking for innovative self-expressers who aren&#8217;t afraid to draw outside the lines. If you are someone who appreciates tech-forward features and vibrant social scenes, then we invite you to explore a career with Aloft Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Manages the day-to-day operations of accounts receivables, ensuring that invoices being sent out are correct and dispersed in a timely manner. Follows up on any delinquent accounts. Researches and decides upon credit authorization for incoming customers.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Finance and Accounting or related major; no work experience required.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Work, Projects, and Policies</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Generates and provides accurate and timely results in the form of reports, presentations, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Compiles, codes, categorizes, calculates, tabulates, audits, or verifies information or data.</p> <p>&#8226; Completes accounts receivable period end closing functions and procedures; credit and period end reporting.</p> <p>&#8226; Upholds the policies and procedures outlined in the credit policy.</p> <p>&#8226; Interacts with sales and catering staff for timely credit decisions on incoming customers.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Demonstrating and Applying Accounting Knowledge to Credit Management Issues</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates knowledge of job-relevant issues, products, systems, and processes.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information.</p> <p>&#8226; Uses relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards.</p> <p>&#8226; Keeps up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to your job.</p> <p>&#8226; Stays knowledgeable of accounts receivable system.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Credit Management Team</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Staffs, manages and develops all billing and accounts receivable employees.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Maintaining Finance and Accounting Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Submits reports in a timely manner, ensuring delivery deadlines.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures profits and losses are documented accurately.</p> <p>&#8226; Achieves and exceeds goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors all taxes that apply, ensuring that taxes are current, collected and/or accrued.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property billings are sent error free and in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Monitors receivables for timely collections and follows up with appropriate collection correspondence.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Additional Responsibilities </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Provides information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.</p> <p>&#8226; Provide direction and assistance to other organizational units regarding accounting and budgeting policies and procedures, and efficient control and utilization of financial resources.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.</p> <p>&#8226; Informs and/or updates the executives, the peers and the subordinates on relevant information in a timely manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Maintains positive working relations with customers and department managers.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Credit Manager job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21041755?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 