---
title: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi Job Vacancies 2021 - Recreation Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-20 
excerpt: "The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Recreation Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Recreation Supervisor." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi job vacancies 2021 for Recreation Supervisor position. Jawatan kosong The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi terkini untuk kekosongan Recreation Supervisor. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Recreation Supervisor 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Mar 19, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21024193<br><b>Job Category</b> Golf, Fitness, &amp; Entertainment<br><b>Location</b> The Ritz-Carlton Langkawi, PO Box 199, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> The Ritz-Carlton<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><div>    At more than 80 award-winning properties worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen create experiences so exceptional that long after a guest stays with us, the experience stays with them. As the premier worldwide provider of luxury experiences, we set the standard for rare and special luxury service the world over. We invite you to explore The Ritz-Carlton.    </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Create recreational activity agendas and advertisements using publishing software. Conduct inventory of supplies, materials, and equipment and inform manager of low supply items. Encourage, recruit, register, and schedule guests to participate in recreation activities. Promote a fun and relaxing atmosphere for guests. Provide information to guests about available recreation facilities and activities. Promote the rules and regulations of the recreation facility intended for the safety and welfare of guests and members. Observe activity in the recreational facility and respond appropriately in accordance with local operating procedure in the event of an emergency. Be aware of possible situations where guests are not able to safely participate in an activity and inform supervisor/manager. Provide assistance to injured guests until the arrival of emergency medical services. Clean and maintain recreational equipment and supplies.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in training, motivating, and coaching employees; serve as a role model. Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Follow company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance is clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Process orders or transactions from customers and collect payment as necessary. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; identify, recommend, and implement new ways to increase organizational quality. Read and visually verify information in a variety of formats (e.g., small print). Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance and objects weighing in excess of 50 pounds with assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move over sloping, uneven, or slippery surfaces as well as up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Recreation Supervisor job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21024193?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 