---
title: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa Job Vacancies 2021 - Assistant Financial Controller" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-20 
excerpt: "Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Financial Controller position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Financial Controller." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Miri Marriott Resort & Spa job vacancies 2021 for Assistant Financial Controller position. Jawatan kosong Miri Marriott Resort & Spa terkini untuk kekosongan Assistant Financial Controller. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Assistant Financial Controller 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jul 19, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21077631<br><b>Job Category</b> Finance &amp; Accounting<br><b>Location</b> Miri Marriott Resort &amp; Spa, Jalan Temenggong Datuk Oyong Lawai, Miri, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Marriott Hotels Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Marriott International portfolio of brands includes both JW Marriott and Marriott Hotels.<br></p> <div> <b>Marriott Hotels</b>, Marriott International&#8217;s flagship brand with more than 500 global locations, is advancing the art of hosting so that our guests can travel brilliantly. As a host with Marriott Hotels, you will help keep this promise by delivering premium choices, sophisticated style, and well-crafted details. With your skills and imagination, together we will innovate and reinvent the future of travel. </div> <div> <br> </div> <div> <b>JW Marriott </b>is part of Marriott International's luxury portfolio and consists of more than 80 beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations around the world. JW believes our associates come first. Because if you&#8217;re happy, our guests will be happy. It&#8217;s as simple as that. Our hotels offer a work experience unlike any other, where you&#8217;ll be part of a community and enjoy a true camaraderie with a diverse group of co-workers. JW creates opportunities for training, development, recognition and most importantly, a place where you can really pursue your passions in a luxury environment. Treating guests exceptionally starts with the way we take care of our associates. That&#8217;s The JW Treatment&#8482;. </div><br></div><div> <p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Functions as the property&#8217;s strategic financial business leader. The position champions, develops and implements property-wide strategies that deliver products and services to meet or exceed the needs and expectations of the brand&#8217;s target customer and property employees. The position provides the financial expertise to enable the successful implementation of the brand service strategy and brand initiatives while maximizing the return on investment. In addition, creates and executes a business plan that is aligned with the property and brand&#8217;s business strategy and focuses on the execution of financial and accounting activities and the delivery of desirable financial results.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE </strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Education and Experience</strong></p> <p>&#8226; 4-year bachelor's degree in Finance and Accounting or related major; 6&#160;years experience in the finance and accounting or related professional area.</p> <p>OR</p> <p>&#8226; Master's degree in Finance and Accounting or related major.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>CORE WORK ACTIVITIES</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Engaging in Strategic Planning and Decision Making</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes financial data and market trends.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes information, forecasts sales against expenses and creates annual budget plans.</p> <p>&#8226; Compiles information, analyzes and monitors actual sales against projected sales.</p> <p>&#8226; Develops means to improve profit, including estimating cost and benefit, exploring new business opportunities, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Analyzes differences between actual budget wages and forecasted wages for more efficient budget planning.</p> <p>&#8226; Identifies the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts.</p> <p>&#8226; Thinks creatively and practically to develop, execute and implement new business plans</p> <p>&#8226; Protects and strengthens our competitive advantage by advocating and supporting sound business and financial decision making.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures a strong accounting and operational control environment to safeguard assets, improve operations and profitability.</p> <p>&#8226; Implements a system of appropriate controls to manage business risks.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Leading Accounting Teams </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Utilizes interpersonal and communication skills to lead, influence, and encourage others; advocates sound financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates the strategic goals, the focus and the owner priorities to subordinates in a clear and precise manner.</p> <p>&#8226; Provides excellent leadership by assigning team members and other departments managers' clear accountability backed by appropriate authority.</p> <p>&#8226; Holds staff accountable for successful performance.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Developing and Maintaining Finance and Accounting Goals</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Supports property strategy from a finance and accounting perspective</p> <p>&#8226; Submits reports in a timely manner, ensuring delivery deadlines.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures Profits and Losses are documented accurately.</p> <p>&#8226; Achieves and exceeds goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures appropriate corrections are made to audit results if necessary.</p> <p>&#8226; Reviews audit issues to ensure accuracy.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing Projects and Policies </strong></p> <p>&#8226; Monitors all taxes that apply, ensuring that taxes are current, collected and/or accrued.</p> <p>&#8226; Generates and providing accurate and timely results in the form of reports, presentations, etc.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with standard and local operating procedures (SOPs and LSOPs).</p> <p>&#8226; Oversees internal, external and regulatory audit processes.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures compliance with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures that the P&amp;L is accurate (e.g., costs are properly matched to revenue, costs are recorded in the proper accounts).</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Anticipating and Delivering on the Needs of Key Stakeholders</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Understands and meets the needs of key stakeholders (owners, corporate, guests, etc.).</p> <p>&#8226; Understands the owners' perspective and ROI expectations.</p> <p>&#8226; Anticipates and addresses owner needs and involves ownership in key decisions.</p> <p>&#8226; Leverages strong functional leadership and communication skills to influence the executive team, the property's strategies and to lead own team.</p> <p>&#8226; Advises the GM and executive committee on existing and evolving operating/financial issues.</p> <p>&#8226; Facilitates critique meetings to review information with management team.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends owners meetings in order to provide context and explanation for financial results.</p> <p>&#8226; Attends meetings and communicates with the owners, understanding the priorities and strategic focus.</p> <p>&#8226; Demonstrates a commitment to meeting the needs of all key stakeholders.</p> <p>&#8226; Communicates financial concepts in a clear and persuasive manner that is easy to understand and drives desired behaviors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Managing and Conducting Human Resource Activities</strong></p> <p>&#8226; Ensures team members are cross-trained to support successful daily operations.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures property policies are administered fairly and consistently.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures new hires participate in the department&#8217;s orientation program.</p> <p>&#8226; Ensures new hires receive the appropriate new hire training to successfully perform their job.</p> <p>&#8226; Creates appropriate development plans which develop team members based on their individual strengths, development needs, career aspirations and abilities.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Assistant Financial Controller job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21077631?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 