---
title: "Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) Job Vacancies 2021 - House Services Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-06 
excerpt: "Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the House Services Manager which positioned at Negeri Sembilan - Others" 
tags: [Negeri Sembilan - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>House Services Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>Jawatan kosong Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) 2021 terkini untuk kekosongan <b>House Services Manager</b>. 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>To support student well-being and pastoral care in the house and in their day-to-day lives, so that they can benefit fully from the education the school provides.&#160;&#160;</span></p><p><strong>Key responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li><span>To oversee the House Matrons in their roles;</span></li><li><span>To oversee training for House Matrons to ensure they have the skills and knowledge required to fulfill their roles;</span></li><li><span>To chair regular minuted Matrons&#8217; Meetings with key staff to address any issues and to share ideas;</span></li><li><span>To meet regularly with the Director of Boarding to discuss student and house matters;</span></li><li><span>To oversee House Matrons cover for school-wide events;</span></li><li><span>To oversee all houses to ensure they are well-maintained and in good condition;</span></li><li><span>To ensure House Matrons inform the maintenance department (and House Staff) of any damage, repairs or maintenance work that needs to be carried out;</span></li><li><span>To ensure that reported maintenance issues are effectively responded to;</span></li><li><span>To assist with the supervision of maintenance and/or repairs in the absence of the House Matron;</span></li><li><span>To oversee the housekeeping arrangements for each house;</span></li><li><span>To oversee the cleanliness and tidiness of each house (including bathrooms) on a regular basis to ensure it is of a high standard and to keep the Director of Boarding informed of any irregularities;&#160;</span></li><li><span>To oversee the smooth running and consistency of the laundry systems across the school;</span></li><li><span>To deal with any issues concerning lost laundry items or damage to clothing;</span></li><li><span>To risk assess areas of the houses and student activities in conjunction with the House Staff / Health &amp; Safety Officer;</span></li><li><span>To liaise with the Health Centre staff about issues relating to student medication;&#160;</span></li><li><span>To ensure Matrons understand the process for administering basic first aid / over the counter medication;</span></li><li><span>To develop rotas of first-aid cover for House Sports competitions and at other times when required;</span></li><li><span>To ensure that House Matrons first aid supplies are regularly re-stocked;</span></li><li><span>To arrange adequate shade, water and ice is available at House events;&#160;</span></li><li><span>To ensure that expensive items left carelessly in student rooms are handed over to the Houseparent;</span></li><li><span>To be sympathetic to the needs and concerns of the students;</span></li><li><span>To identify areas for improvement / professional growth for the House Matrons team;</span></li><li><span>Any other duties assigned by their line manager.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Specific responsibilities when on duty</strong></p><ul><li><span>Visiting each House regularly each week to review cleanliness, laundry and maintenance needs.</span></li><li><span>Reviewing and developing practices in each house, in relation to the above matters to ensure there is consistency in what we provide.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Reporting any health &amp; safety concerns to the Health &amp; Safety Officer.</span></li><li><span>Overseeing House Matrons rotas and cover across houses.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Personal characteristics and skills</strong></p><ul><li><span>Good leadership skills, including the ability to manage staff effectively and sensitively and to challenge unsatisfactory conduct or performance;</span></li><li><span>Good communication skills, both verbally and written;</span></li><li><span>Good listening skills;</span></li><li><span>Good organisational and administrative skills;</span></li><li><span>An enthusiastic, self-motivated and flexible approach;</span></li><li><span>The ability and willingness to take the initiative;</span></li><li><span>Strong team member, who actively works with others in a trusting and open manner;</span></li><li><span>A good understanding of child development and care;</span></li><li><span>A good degree of ICT literacy;</span></li><li><span>A genuine interest in young people and their wellbeing;</span></li><li><span>Affinity with the School&#8217;s boarding ethos and with the values of Kolej Tuanku Ja&#8217;afar.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Application Process</strong></p><p><strong>Please log on to our website and complete the KTJ Application Form (available on the vacancies page).</strong></p><p>Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. The successful applicant will be subject to security vetting.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>KTJ is the region's premier International School, established by the Negeri Sembilan Royal Family in 1989. For the last 30 years, our Secondary School has maintained a reputation as being one of the leading British-style, co-education boarding schools in Malaysia. In September 2013, we officially opened our state of the art Primary School, offering modern learning facilities.</p><p>We provide high quality day and boarding education for children aged 3 - 19 years, with a diverse population of students from over 22 different countries across Asia, Europe, Australia and Africa. Our Primary and Secondary School is spread across a green 80 acre site located in the beautiful Malaysian countryside, one hour's drive from Kuala Lumpur.</p><p>KTJ is a registered charity where all proceeds are channeled back into the school. This allows us to offer our students outstanding boarding, learning and sports facilities, with highly-qualified and dedicated teaching staff. Our school aims to produce ambitious, well-rounded and considerate global citizens. Each student has every opportunity to develop independence and high self esteem, ready for the next successful step in their lives.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hotel job in Negeri Sembilan - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/house-services-manager-4552736?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4552736" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 