---
title: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral Job Vacancies 2021 - Paymaster" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-10 
excerpt: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Paymaster position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Paymaster." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Paymaster position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Paymaster. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Paymaster 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Jul 09, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21073017<br><b>Job Category</b> Finance &amp; Accounting<br><b>Location</b> Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral, No. 5 Jalan Stesen Sentral, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Aloft Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Part-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Aloft Hotels we&#8217;re wired for next generation travelers who love open spaces, open thinking, and open expression. Aloft provides a space where style is necessary, social scenes are vibrant, and where the only direction is forward. Our guests are tech savvy and confidently social, with an eclectic style they&#8217;re not afraid to show. We understand what our guests need, so we provide an affordable option for the tech-savvy design guru. We&#8217;re looking for innovative self-expressers who aren&#8217;t afraid to draw outside the lines. If you are someone who appreciates tech-forward features and vibrant social scenes, then we invite you to explore a career with Aloft Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Check figures, postings, and documents for accuracy. Organize, secure, and maintain all files, records, cash and cash equivalents in accordance with policies and procedures. Record, store, and/or analyze computerized financial and payroll information. Prepare, maintain, audit, and distribute statistical, financial, accounting, auditing, or payroll reports and tables. Maintain, update, create, secure, and archive employee payroll records and files. Review, verify, and reconcile punches, hours worked, pay adjustments, and other pay-related information, and post information onto designated records. Back up transaction files and transmit to payroll system according to company procedures. Process and/or issue employee paychecks and statements of earnings and deductions. Compute employee wages and deductions (e.g., union dues, insurance, parking, 401k) and enter wages and deductions into payroll system. Provide information to employees and managers/supervisors on payroll matters, tax issues, benefit plans, and collective bargaining agreement provisions. Complete batch adjustments to payroll. Adjust basic settings in time clock system (e.g., employee schedule, time clock restrictions) and correct punches.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Paymaster job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21073017?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 