---
title: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort Job Vacancies 2021 - Food & Beverage Service Attendant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-17 
excerpt: "The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Food & Beverage Service Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Food & Beverage Service Attendant." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

The Westin Desaru Coast Resort job vacancies 2021 for Food & Beverage Service Attendant position. Jawatan kosong The Westin Desaru Coast Resort terkini untuk kekosongan Food & Beverage Service Attendant. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Food & Beverage Service Attendant 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 17, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21036298<br><b>Job Category</b> Food and Beverage &amp; Culinary<br><b>Location</b> The Westin Desaru Coast Resort, Jalan Pantai 3 Desaru Coast Bandar Penawar, Desaru, Johor, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Westin, we are committed to empowering the well-being of our guests by providing a refreshing environment, thoughtful amenities, and revitalizing programming to help ensure that they leave feeling better than when they arrived. We recognize that travel can be disruptive to our guests&#8217; well-being, and we&#8217;re energized to assist as partners in helping them maintain control and soaring above it all while on the road. Everything we do is designed to help guests be at their best, and they appreciate our supportive attitude, anticipatory service and extensive knowledge on how to best assist them throughout their stay. We are looking for dynamic people who are excited to join the team and ready to jump into any situation to give a helping hand. If you&#8217;re someone who has is positive, adaptable and intuitive, and has a genuine interest in the well-being of others around you, we invite you to discover how at Westin, together we can rise.<br></div><div> <p><strong>Explore our very big world</strong></p> <p>We welcome you to join our global and diverse family. Whether you&#8217;re new to hospitality or a seasoned professional, you can come to us knowing that you will always be appreciated for your natural talents. Your positive energy and people-pleasing mindset are an important part of why our guests stay with us again and again.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Rewards for work, benefits for life</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;ll be supported in and out of the workplace through:</p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Discounts on hotel rooms, gift shop items, food and beverage</li> <li>Learning and development opportunities</li> <li>Recognition programs</li> <li>Wellbeing programs</li> <li>Encouraging management</li> <li>Team-spirited colleagues</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>The impact you&#8217;ll make&#160;</strong></p> <p>You know the finest details of our menu and can&#8217;t wait to share your expertise with our guests. When they dine with us, your warm greeting, flawless table settings, and your friendly demeanor do not go unnoticed. No matter the day, you set out to provide each guest with a dining experience that will be remembered long after their stay<em>.&#160;&#160;&#160;</em></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What you&#8217;ll be doing</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <ul> <li>Welcome guests and promptly attend to tables</li> <li>Serve food and beverages to guests making recommendations if needed</li> <li>Share your menu knowledge to assist guests with questions and special requests</li> <li>Record transactions in the MICROS system correctly and timely</li> <li>Check-in with guests to assure satisfaction with each course and beverage</li> <li>Clean tables, complete closing duties and re-stock tableware and other supplies</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>What we&#8217;re looking for</strong></p> <p><strong>&#160;</strong></p> <ul> <li>Great conversational skills and teamwork-oriented</li> <li>Positive outlook and outgoing personality</li> <li>Previous serving experience is a big plus</li> </ul> <p>&#160;</p> <p>This role requires the ability to move and lift up to 25 lbs. Standing, sitting or walking for extended periods of time and ensuring a professional appearance in a clean uniform are also required. Prior to employment, we&#8217;ll ask you to complete safety training and certification.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p><strong>Connect your passions with a rewarding opportunity</strong></p> <p>You&#8217;re a food and beverage enthusiast who really enjoys making others feel at home. When you work with us, you'll get to entertain and meet people from all over the world as you build your experience. &#160;Join us and grow through opportunities to explore the business, opening yourself to various career options. No matter your path, we&#8217;ll make sure you feel right at home.</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Food & Beverage Service Attendant job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21036298?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 