---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - Engineering Coach" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-15 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Engineering Coach position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Engineering Coach." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for Engineering Coach position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan Engineering Coach. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Engineering Coach 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 15, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21035397<br><b>Job Category</b> Engineering &amp; Facilities<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Install, maintain, perform preventative maintenance on, and recommend replacement of tools, appliances, and equipment. Calibrate all controls, gauges, meters, etc. Identify, locate, and operate all shut-off valves. Order, mark, and stock parts and supplies as needed. Maintain inventory and purchase orders log. Inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Enter and locate work-related information using computers. Operate power lift. Complete the life safety checklist, including the fire-pump run test and generator run test. Inspect fire sprinkler valves and alarm systems. Assist in development of disaster response protocols. Respond and attend to guest repair requests.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees. Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional and maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs, and assist individuals with disabilities. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards; and identify, recommend, develop, and implement new ways to increase organizational efficiency, productivity, quality, safety, and/or cost-savings. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 50 pounds without assistance. Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move up and down stairs and/or service ramps. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Engineering Coach job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21035397?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 