---
title: "W Kuala Lumpur Job Vacancies 2021 - B&F Reservation Coordinator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-04 
excerpt: "W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for B&F Reservation Coordinator position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan B&F Reservation Coordinator." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

W Kuala Lumpur job vacancies 2021 for B&F Reservation Coordinator position. Jawatan kosong W Kuala Lumpur terkini untuk kekosongan B&F Reservation Coordinator. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- B&F Reservation Coordinator 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 03, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21042242<br><b>Job Category</b> Reservations<br><b>Location</b> W Kuala Lumpur, No. 121, Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> W Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>Boldly coloring outside the lines of luxury, W turns the traditional notion of the extravagant hotel on its head. Our irreverent attitude and taste for excess redefine revelry for the modern jet set. Our guests have a lust for a life less ordinary that drives them to demand more, experience it all, and hit repeat. <br>We share our guests&#8217; passions, providing insider access to what&#8217;s new and what&#8217;s next. Moderation is not in our vocabulary and we know that lust for life demands more, not less. W guests soak it in and live each day with a mantra: Detox.Retox.Repeat. If you&#8217;re ready to create the energetic W scene that is magnetic to everyday disruptors around the world, then we invite you to explore a career with W Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Process all reservation requests, changes, and cancellations received by phone, fax, or mail. Identify guest reservation needs and determine appropriate room type. Verify availability of room type and rate. Explain guarantee, special rate, and cancellation policies to callers. Accommodate and document special requests. Answer questions about property facilities/services and room accommodations. Follow sales techniques to maximize revenue. Input and access data in reservation system. Indicate special room reservation types (e.g., complimentary rooms, employee discounts, travel agent inspection rates, and wholesale reservations) by inputting the correct code and rate into the reservation system. Follow proper escalation procedures when addressing guest concerns.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets; protect the privacy and security of guests and coworkers. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this B&F Reservation Coordinator job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21042242?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 