---
title: "Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon Job Vacancies 2021 - Housekeeping Aide" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-07 
excerpt: "Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon job vacancies 2021 for Housekeeping Aide position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon terkini untuk kekosongan Housekeeping Aide." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon job vacancies 2021 for Housekeeping Aide position. Jawatan kosong Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon terkini untuk kekosongan Housekeeping Aide. 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Housekeeping Aide 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> May 05, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21043059<br><b>Job Category</b> Housekeeping &amp; Laundry<br><b>Location</b> Fairfield by Marriott Bintulu Paragon, No 1 Old Airport Place, Bintulu, Sarawak, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br><p>Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott allows guests to travel with confidence by giving them just what they need at an exceptional value. As a member of our team you'll deliver outstanding service so travel is easy, comfortable and productive for our guests. Find Your World&#8482; at Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott.</p><br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Respond promptly to requests from guests and other departments. Identify and report preventative or other maintenance issues in public areas or guest rooms. Post caution signs. Contact other departments directly for urgent repairs. Deliver guest requests and set up furniture items in guest rooms as requested. Remove items from hallways and transport to service areas, including debris, room service food and beverage trays, unread newspapers, soiled linens, and trash placed near Housekeeper carts. Clean, maintain, and store cleaning equipment.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report any maintenance problems, safety hazards, accidents, or injuries; complete safety training and certifications; properly store flammable materials. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Support team to reach common goals. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 55 pounds without assistance and in excess of 55 pounds with assistance. Ability to push and pull a loaded a housekeeping cart and other work-related machinery over sloping and uneven surfaces. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Visually inspect tools, equipment, or machines (e.g., to identify defects). Grasp, turn, and manipulate objects of varying size and weight, requiring fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. Move through narrow, confined, or elevated spaces. Move up and down a ladder. Stand, sit, kneel, or walk for an extended period across an entire work shift. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Housekeeping Aide job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21043059?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 