---
title: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral Job Vacancies 2021 - Income Auditor (Contract)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-06 
excerpt: "Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Income Auditor (Contract) position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Income Auditor (Contract)." 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral job vacancies 2021 for Income Auditor (Contract) position. Jawatan kosong Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral terkini untuk kekosongan Income Auditor (Contract). 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### Vacancy 
- Income Auditor (Contract) 
<div><div><b>Posting Date</b> Apr 06, 2021<br><b>Job Number</b> 21030580<br><b>Job Category</b> Finance &amp; Accounting<br><b>Location</b> Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral, No 5 Jalan Stesen Sentral, Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia VIEW ON MAP<br><b>Brand</b> Aloft Hotels<br><b>Schedule</b> Full-Time<br><b>Relocation?</b> N<br><b>Position Type</b> Non-Management<br><b>Located Remotely?</b> N<br><br>At Aloft Hotels we&#8217;re wired for next generation travelers who love open spaces, open thinking, and open expression. Aloft provides a space where style is necessary, social scenes are vibrant, and where the only direction is forward. Our guests are tech savvy and confidently social, with an eclectic style they&#8217;re not afraid to show. We understand what our guests need, so we provide an affordable option for the tech-savvy design guru. We&#8217;re looking for innovative self-expressers who aren&#8217;t afraid to draw outside the lines. If you are someone who appreciates tech-forward features and vibrant social scenes, then we invite you to explore a career with Aloft Hotels.<br></div><div> <p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Check figures, postings, and documents for accuracy. Record, store, access, and/or analyze computerized financial information. Control and secure cash and cash equivalents for property according to cash handling policy and procedures. Organize, secure, and maintain all files and records in accordance with document retention and confidentiality policies and procedures. Prepare, maintain, and distribute statistical, financial, accounting, auditing, or payroll reports and tables. Audit statistical, financial, accounting, auditing, or payroll reports and tables. Audit and reconcile all revenue postings.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>Follow all company safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; maintain awareness of undesirable persons on property premises. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets; protect the privacy and security of guests and coworkers. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests&#8217; service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; prepare and review written documents accurately and completely; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.</p> <p>&#160;</p> <p>&#160;</p> </div> <div> &#160;</div> <em>Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer.&#160;We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture.&#160;We are committed to non-discrimination on&#160;any&#160;protected&#160;basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.</em><br></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
### How To Apply 
Are you looking for new challenge and job opportunity in hotel industry this 2021 ?
Just apply this Income Auditor (Contract) job online through Marriott Jobs website 
<a href="https://jobs.marriott.com/marriott/jobs/21030580?lang=en-us" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 